Is Hirschsprung disease a mendelian or a multifactorial disorder?
List signaling molecules (ligands) that interact with the receptor EGFR?
Is the protein Papilin secreted?
Are long non coding RNAs spliced?
Is RANKL secreted from the cells?
Does metformin interfere thyroxine absorption?
Which miRNAs could be used as potential biomarkers for epithelial ovarian cancer?
Which acetylcholinesterase inhibitors are used for treatment of myasthenia gravis?
Has Denosumab (Prolia) been approved by FDA?
List the human genes encoding for the dishevelled proteins?
Name synonym of Acrokeratosis paraneoplastica.
Which are the classes of anti-arrhythmic drugs according to Vaughan-Williams classification?
Which are the different isoforms of the mammalian Notch receptor?
Which are the major characteristics of cellular senescence?
Orteronel was developed for treatment of which cancer?
Is the monoclonal antibody Trastuzumab (Herceptin) of potential use in the treatment of prostate cancer?
Which is the protein that is encoded by the gene GLT8D1?
Which are the Yamanaka factors?
What is the aim of the Human Chromosome-centric Proteome Project (C-HPP)?
Where is the protein Pannexin1 located?
Which currently known mitochondrial diseases have been attributed to POLG mutations?
What is the effect of ivabradine in heart failure after myocardial infarction?
What is the mode of inheritance of Wilson's disease?
Are transcription and splicing connected?
What is the mode of inheritance of Facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD)?
Is Alu hypomethylation associated with breast cancer?
Which proteins participate in the formation of the ryanodine receptor quaternary macromolecular complex?
What kind of chromatography is HILIC?
What is the effect of TRH on myocardial contractility?
Proteomic analyses need prior knowledge of the organism complete genome. Is the complete genome of the bacteria of the genus Arthrobacter available?
What is the structural fold of bromodomain proteins?
List the endoscopic diagnoses that have been reported in children with autism
What are the outcomes of Renal sympathetic denervation?
Which MAP kinase phosphorylates the transcription factor c-jun?
What is the meaning of the acronym "TAILS" used in protein N-terminomics?
Do mutations of AKT1 occur in meningiomas?
What are the main indications of lacosamide?
Which fusion protein is involved in the development of Ewing sarcoma?
List Hemolytic Uremic Syndrome Triad.
Does physical activity influence gut hormones?
What are the effects of depleting protein  km23-1 (DYNLRB1)  in a cell?
Treatment of which disease was investigated in the MR CLEAN study?
Which factors activate zygotic gene expression during the maternal-to-zygotic transition in zebrafish?
Is irritable bowel syndrome more common in women with endometriosis?
What is evaluated using the EORTC QLQ – INFO25 questionnaire?
Does BNP increase after intensive exercise in athletes?
What is the association of estrogen replacement therapy and intracranial meningioma risk?
Are there web based self management strategies for chronic pain ?
Is Weaver syndrome similar to Sotos?
Which enzyme is targeted by Evolocumab?
Are ultraconserved elements often transcribed?
What is the methyl donor of DNA (cytosine-5)-methyltransferases?
Is peripheral neuroepithelioma related to Ewing sarcoma?
Which signaling pathway does sonidegib inhibit?
In which phase of the cell cycle arrest is impaired in Fanconi anemia?
Which DNA sequences are more prone for the formation of R-loops?
Mutation of which gene is implicated in the familial isolated pituitary adenoma?
which mutations of troponin C gene have been found to cause hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
What is known about the effect of acupuncture in smoking cessation ?
Which post-translational histone modifications are characteristic of constitutive heterochromatin?
GV1001 vaccine targets which enzyme?
Which is the E3 ubiquitin ligase which ubiquitinates IkB leading to its proteasomal degradation?
Is c-met involved in the activation of the Akt pathway?
Is pregnancy an additional risk during during H1N1 infection?
Is there a crystal structure of Greek Goat Encephalitis?
Are long non coding RNAs as conserved in sequence as protein coding genes?
Mutation of which gene is implicated in the Brain-lung-thyroid syndrome?
What is clathrin?
What are the main results of PRKAR1A Knockdown?
Is TENS machine effective in pain?
Is there any algorithm for enhancer identification from chromatin state?
Which enzyme is targeted by the drug Imetelstat?
Which interleukins are inhibited by Dupilumab?
Which human genes are more commonly related to craniosynostosis?
Are transcribed ultraconserved regions involved in cancer?
In which breast cancer patients can palbociclib be used?
Do patients with Pendred syndrome present congenital deafness?
List side effects of SGLT2 inhibitors?
Is CD56 useful in Ewing sarcoma prognosis?
What is the method FASP used for?
What is the role of extracellular signal-related kinases 1 and 2 (ERK1/2) proteins in craniosynostosis?
Are there any urine biomarkers for chronic kidney disease?
What is being measured with an accelerometer in back pain patients
List the releases of JASPAR database
List symptoms of the IFAP syndrome.
Which gene is required for the efficient function of clopidogrel?
Is valproic acid effective for glioblastoma treatment?
Which transcription factor is considered as a master regulator of lysosomal genes?
Which antibiotics target peptidoglycan biosynthesis?
Can Levoxyl (levothyroxine sodium) cause insomnia?
Is fatigue prevalent in patients receiving treatment for glioblastoma?
List two common features of Tay syndrome.
Which cell types are known to be driving Rheumatoid Arthritis?
What is the association between personality trait of neuroticism and risk for Alzheimer's disease?
What is the mode of action of everolimus?
Have Quantitative Trait Loci affecting splicing (splicing QTLs) been linked to disease?
Which technique is used for detection of EWS/FLI1 fusion transcripts?
Does the CTCF protein co-localize with cohesin?
What is the application of the Bimolecular Fluorescence Complementation (BiFC) assay in Drosophila embryos?
Which pathological condition of the heart is known as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy (HCM)?
What is the genetic basis of Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome?
What is the function of the viral KP4 protein?
What is the function of the AIRE gene at the embryonic stage?
What is the principle of the PAR-CLIP methodology?
Which drugs are utilized to treat amiodarone-induced thyroitoxicosis?
How is spastic diplegia diagnosed?
Which is the genetic defect causing Neurofibromatosis type 1?
Which is the human selenoprotein that contains several Se-Cys residues?
Which package is available for analysing genomic interactions in R/Bioconductor?
How many clinical trials for off-label drugs in neonates are cited in the literature.
Are stress granules involved in the pathogenesis of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
Does TGF-beta play a role in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?
Is there a genetic component for happiness?
What enzyme is inhibied by Opicapone?
What kind of affinity purification would you use in order to isolate soluble lysosomal proteins?
Which are the genes thought to be regulated by EWS/FLI?
Do archaeal genomes contain one or multiple origins of replication?
Which pathological conditions are caused by mutations in the CYLD gene?
Which is the genetic basis of Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA)?
Which are the common symptoms of Cushing's syndrome?
Which is the third subunit of the TSC1-TSC2 complex upstream of mTORC1?
Which kinase is inhibited by the small molecule KN-93?
What is the effect of Chk2 splice variants on wild-type Chk2 kinase activity?
List genes that have been found mutated in CMT1A (Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1 A).
Which viruses are best known to cause myocarditis?
Which genes have been associated with Cerebral Cavernous Malformation?
Is DITPA a thyroid hormone analog utilized in experimental and clinical studies
What is Tarlov Cyst?
What are 'vildagliptin', 'sitagliptin', 'saxagliptin', 'alogliptin', 'linagliptin', and 'dutogliptin'?
Which is the most important prognosis sub-classification in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia?
Is MammaPrint cleared by the United States Food and Drug Administration? 
Is amantadine effective for treatment of disorders conciousness?
What is needed for MMP proteins to be functional?
What is hyperosmia
What is the number of long non coding RNAs in the human genome
Which is the most known bacterium responsible for botulism (sausage-poisoning)?
What is the association of spermidine with α-synuclein neurotoxicity?
List symptoms of 4H leukodystrophy.
What is the extracellular core "matrisome"?
Is GAGA associated with nucleosome-free regions (NFR)?
Which are the plant DNA (cytosine-5) methyltransferase families?
Where is the histone variant CENPA preferentially localized?
In which proteins is the chromodomain present?
What is Genomicus?
Is amiodarone a class I anti-arrhythmic drug?
Which is the prognostic meaning of delayed enhancement documented in patients hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
What is the COUGER tool?
Are there drugs for Tick-borne Encephalitis?
Is SLC22A3 expressed in the brain?
Has the protein TIEG1 been associated with apoptosis?
Which is the cellular localization of the protein Opa1?
Which are the drugs utilized for the burning mouth syndrome?
Is PTEN involved in follicular thyroid carcinoma?
Which genome browser database for DNA shape annotations is available?
What is known about clinical efficacy of ceftriaxone for treatment of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis?
What is the relationship between TailorX and Oncotype?
Does strenuous physical activity affect thyroid hormone metabolism?
Which is the main function of "RNA sponges"?
Is the gene MAOA epigenetically modified by methylation?
Which mutations of phopspholamban have been found in patients with cardiomyopathy?
Which are the supplemental antioxidant in athletes?
Is glycyl-tRNA synthetase gene involved in the development of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease?
Is there any software for automated analysis of FISH images?
How do histone methyltransferases cause histone modification?
Is there an increased risk for cancer in Dyskeratosis Congenita?
Does MicroRNA-21 (miR-21) contribute to cardiovascular disease?
What is the enzymatic activity of the breast cancer associated gene BRCA1?
List markers for autophagy.
Are there any statistical methods for normalizing and identifying differential regions in histone modification ChIP-seq data?
Is CD84 genetically associated with arthritis?
What is the function of Neu5Gc (N-Glycolylneuraminic acid)?
Are there any specific antidotes for rivaroxaban?
Which metabolite activates AtxA?
What is the function of 6SRNA in bacteria?
Is cytisine superior to nicotine replacement therapy for smoking cessation?
Which amino acid residue appears mutated in most of the cases reported with  cadasil syndrome?
Which syndromes are associated with mutations in the EZH2 gene?
Which databases exist for experimentally determined topologies of α-helical transmembrane proteins ?
Which disease is characterized by congenital absence of intrinsic ganglion cells of the gastrointestinal tract?
What is the disease in which patients are sensitive to DNA crosslinking agents, presenting with a high frequency of chromosomal aberrations?
How is oprozomib administered?
What is a Caveolae?
Which are the roles of chromatin compartments in the eukaryotic nucleus?
Is the abnormal dosage of ultraconserved elements disfavored in cancer cells?
Does thyroid hormone regulate calcium transient in the myocardium? 
What are the biological roles proposed for proteins containing the SPRY domain?
How could we infer functional associations from gene fusion events?
The protein NONO forms heterodimers. With which proteins?
Which syndrome is associated with mutant DVL1?
Are proteasome inhibitors good candidates for treatment of leukemia and solid tumors?
Is there any link between CTF4 and CTF18 during sister chromatid cohesion?
What is the Genomic Regions Enrichment of Annotations Tool (GREAT)?
What is the target of the drug Olaparib?
Are thyroid hormone receptor alpha1 mutations implicated in thyroid hormone resistance syndrome?
What is the role of RhoA in bladder cancer?
What is ATAC-seq?
List human proteins that are subject to a dimer-to-tetramer transition.
Inhibition of which transporter is the mechanism of action of drug Canagliflozin?
What is the prognostic role of thyroid hormone in patients with heart failure?
which mutations of phospholamban gene have been found to cause hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
Which gene strand is targeted by transcription-coupled repair (TCR)?
Abnormalities in which chromosomes were linked to the Moyamoya disease?
Which is the branch site consensus sequence in U12-dependent introns?
For what is Protein A from Staphylococcus aureus used in biochemistry?
What is the suggested therapy for Mycobacterium avium infection?
What is the treatment of acute pericarditis?
What is the genetic basis of tuberous sclerosis?
What is the molecular function of the Chd1 protein?
Which drugs are included in the FEC-75 regimen?
Between which probes does the recurrent translocation breakpoint on chromosome 22 of neuroepithelioma lie?
Does administration of triiodothyronine improve outcome following coronary artery bypass grafting?
Which are the most widely used computational methods for the identification of CRMs (cis-regulatory modules)?
Which enzyme does MLN4924 inhibit?
Which protein has been found to interact with phospholamban (PLN) and is also an anti-apoptotic protein?
Is long QT syndrome a cause for sudden cardiac death in athletes?
What is the clinical value of MammaPrint?
Is protein M3/6 a dual specificity phosphatase?
Are there focused databases from which you can retrieve gene expression data on renal disease?
What systems have been developed for the numbering of antibody residues?
Are there any DNMT3 proteins present in plants?
What is the number of protein coding genes in the human genome?
Has vitamin D has been shown to reduce incidence of falls in older people in clinical trials?
What is the indication for prophylactic use of antibiotics in COPD?
Has depression been shown to be a predictor of frailty?
What is the generic name of Gliolan?
Is there any association between Jarid2 and miR-155 in Th17 cells?
What is enCHIP?
How many genes does the human hoxD cluster contain?
Is it safe to take isotretinoin during pregnancy?
Which protein is the E3-ubiquitin ligase that targets the tumor suppressor p53 for proteasomal degradation?
Can DNA intercalators function as topoisomerase inhibitors?
Which diseases is microRNA 132 (miR-132) implicated in?
Which are the human glutamate transporters?
What are the functions of sorting nexin 27?
Do orphan and gene related CpG islands follow power-law-like distributions?
What is the proportion of non canonical splice sites in the human genome?
List protein gel staining methods visualizing the entire protein set.
What clinical use aptamers may have?
What is the causative agent of the "Panama disease" affecting bananas?
What is the mechanism of action of Nalmefene?
Synostosis of which cranial structures are characteristic to the Mercedes Benz syndrome?
Can valproic acid act as an activator of AMPK?
Which signaling pathways have been associated with medulloblastoma formation and growth?
What is the role of invadopodia in EMT?
What are cancer driver genes?
What is a mitochondrial nucleoid?
What is the treatment of amiodarone-induced thyrotoxicosis?
How does exercise affect thyroid hormone receptors expression in the heart?
Is the Drosophila Translational Control Element (TCE) involved in spermatogenesis?
What are the symptoms of abacavir hypersensitivity?
What is the effect of ivabradine in heart failure with preserved ejection fraction?
Is low T3 syndrome a prognostic marker in patients with renal insufficiency?
Does burning mouth syndrome preferentially affect post-mepopausal women?
Which biomarker is widely used in the diagnosis of Ewing sarcoma?
Proteomic analyses have revealed proteins associated with the triple-negative breast cancers. List some proposed proteins.
Which signalling pathway is involved in Tuberous Sclerosis?
Can life style changes reduce oxidative stress
Which is the relation between sweating and anaerobic threshold?
Name monoclonal antibody against SLAMF7.
What is the mode of action of bedaquiline?
Does helicobacter pylori infection increase risk for ischemic stroke?
Which are the major types of the motor speech disorder dysarthria?
Is oxidative stress affected by FOXO expression?
Describe the mechanism of action of the LINX system for treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease.
Which enzyme deficiency can cause GM1 gangliosidoses?
What is the characteristic feature of the Dyke-Davidoff-Masson syndrome.
Which gene is involved in the development of Barth syndrome?
What is the treatment of subacute thyroiditis?
What are the effects of BMAL1 deficiency?
Which histone modifications are associated with Polycomb group (PcG) proteins?
Where is the protein CLIC1 localized?
List phosphorylation consensus motifs for Casein Kinase 1 (CK1)?
What medication were compared in the ROCKET AF Trial?
Describe the usefulness of the SPIKE database in human signaling pathways
Is the Dictyostelium discoideum proteome known?
List proteins of lipids droplets
What is the Barr body?
Is single-cell analysis (SCA) possible in proteomics?
Is shotgun lipidomics the direct infusion of a lipid sample into a mass spectrometer?
How many genes are in the gene signature screened by MammaPrint?
Is apixaban effective for treatment of acute venous thromboembolism?
Is the tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle affected in inflammation?
What are the indications for treatment with anti-hepcidin?
How many genera comprise the Flaviviridae family?
Are reduced-nicotine cigarettes effective for smoking cessation?
Is the Wnt protein modified by notum?
List functions that are evaluated with the Full Outline of Unresponsiveness score?
For the constructions of which organs has 3D printing been tested?
Is ospemifene effective for treatment of dyspareunia?
Is pregabalin effective for treatment of patients with restless leg syndrome?
What is the biological role of expansins in fungi?
Can zinc finger nucleases be used to combat disease?
What is known about depression in acoustic neuroma patients?
Mutation of which gene is associated with Achondroplasia?
What is the mode of action of Hsp90 inhibitors?
Is RET the major gene involved in Hirschsprung disease?
Which type of lung cancer is the most strongly associated with Lambert-Eaton syndrome?
What distinguishes lantibiotics from antibiotics?
List three major features of the CCFDN syndrome.
is intense physical activity associated with longevity ?
Are cyclophilins proteins that bind to prolines?
Can a given genotype exhibit opposite fitness effects (beneficial and detrimental) within the same environment?
Has the protein SETMAR (Metnase) a transposase domain?
Is alternative splicing of apoptotic genes playing a role in the response to DNA or mitochondrial damage?
Which oncogenes are able to induce cellular senescence?
What is HbVar?
Can DMSO as an additive improve proteomic analysis results?
The antibodies MK-3475 and CT-011 have shown promising results in treating malignancies. Which protein are they targeting?
Which are the different proteins/isoforms encoded but the ASPH (aspartate beta-hydroxylase) gene in humans?
List processes which are under the control of the YAP protein.
What family do mDia proteins belong in?
Is nucleosome eviction ATP-dependent?
Is TREM2 associated with Alzheimer's disease in humans?
Which is the most common measure of differences between dinucleotide relative abundance "genomic signatures"
Name a method for enrichment of arginine-methylated peptides.
Why do we use "N-terminal proteomics"?
List omics technologies comprised in system biology.
Rindopepimut is an analog of which growth factor?
Which gene mutations are responsible for isolated Non-compaction cardiomyopathy?
From which tissue was the NCI-H520 cell-line derived?
Have mutations in the Polycomb group been found in human diseases?
Describe the mechanism of action of drisapersen
Is microRNA(miRNA) 29 involved in post-ischemic cardiac remodeling?
What is the incidence of Edwards syndrom in the european population?
Is exonuclease Xrn1 a component of the P-bodies?
What is the substrate of the microbial enzyme inulinase?
What is the treatment of acute myocarditis?
List causative genes for autosomal recessive forms of monogenic Parkinson's disease
How does ranolazine affect calcium handling in the heart
Which is the primary distinction between the Reverse Warburg effect and the conventional Warburg effect?
What is the role of per genes in circadian rhythm control?
Can sorafenib activate AMPK?
What tyrosine kinase, involved in a Philadelphia- chromosome positive chronic myelogenous leukemia, is the target of Imatinib (Gleevec)?
When was empagliflozin FDA approved?
Is Vortioxetine effective for treatment of depression?
Which R/bioconductor package is used for integrative genomics visualizations?
List symptoms of congenital toxoplasmosis triad.
How many genes are imprinted in the human genome?
Is exome sequencing efficient for the detection of germline mutations?
Which cellular processes are regulated by Nanog?
In which cells are A-type lamins expressed?
What is the definition of autophagy?
Gene silencing can be achieved by RNA interference (RNAi) in eukaryotic organisms. What is the name of the analogous process in prokaryotic organisms?
Between which types of DNA bases are mutational biases introduced due to directional mutation pressure?
Is it feasible to determine the complete proteome of yeast?
Which mutations of alpha-myosin heavy chain gene are implicated in hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
Which are the cardiac manifestations of Marfan syndrome?
How is connected "isolated Non-compaction cardiomyopathy" with dilated cardiomyopathy?
What is the role of AMPK in diabetic cardiomyopathy?
Are circRNAs associated with diseases and traits?
Which is the most common cause of sudden cardiac death in young athletes?
Could the Menzerath-Altmann law be proved mathematically trivial in genomes?
What is the rate of survival after commotio cordis?
What is the oldest human sample analysed by paleontology proteomics?
What are the results of loss of the protein Lon1 in the plant Arabidopsis?
Which gene is involved in Giant Axonal Neuropathy?
Are there studies representing the involvement of Notch mutations in neurodegenerative diseases such as Down syndrome, Pick's and Prion's disease, and cadasil syndrome?
Are there any functional differences between Mfd and its human Cocaine syndrome protein B (CSB) homolog?
What is membrane scission?
How many TAp73 isoforms have been identified in humans?
Is the yeast Μac1 transcription factor induced upon copper deficiency?
What is the mechanism of DNA replication termination in vertebrates?
Which are the different members/isoforms of the Ras oncogenes?
Which is the  subcellular localization of ERAP2?
Have thyronamines  effects on fat tissue?
What are the names of anti-CD52 monoclonal antibody that is used for treatment of multiple sclerosis patients?
Is there a package in R/bioconductor for classification of alternative splicing?
Which brain structures have been investigated as potential targets for deep brain stimulation of patients suffering from major depression?
Is alemtuzumab effective for remission induction in patients diagnosed with T-cell prolymphocytic leukemia?
What is the association between moon cycle and rupture risk  of intracranial aneurysms?
Is there an association between TERT promoter mutation and survival of glioblastoma patients?
Is bapineuzumab effective for treatment of patients with Alzheimer's disease?
Which deiodinase polymorphisms are implicated in arterial hypertension?
At which kind of individuals is pharmacological treatment of subclinical hypothyroidism effective in reducing cardiovascular events?
Is intense physical activity associated with longevity?
How homoplasy affects phylogenetic reconstruction?
What is known about the association between the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors during pregnancy and risk for autism in offspring?
Which transcription factors are involved in E-cadherin repression during EMT?
Is desmin an intermediate filament protein involved in Dilated Cardiomyopathy (DCM)?
Is lambrolizumab effective for treatment of patients with melanoma ?
List human diseases involving genomic imprinting.
Why are insulators necessary in gene therapy vectors?
Which deficiency is the cause of restless leg syndrome?
What histone modification is recognized by the bromodomain?
What memory problems are reported in the " Gulf war syndrome"?
Is cadasil syndrome a hereditary disease?
Which neuroendocrine tumors are associated with specific tumor syndromes?
How many periods of regulatory innovation led to the evolution of vertebrates?
Is nintedanib effective for Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis?
What is the role of SERCA in diabetic cardiomyopathy?
Is pesticide exposure associated with polyneuropathy?
What is the methodological principle of ChIA-PET?
Is there an association between borna virus and brain tumor?
List medication interfering with purine metabolism that are used for treatment of T-cell prolymphocytic leukemia?
Does PU.1 (SPI1) affect NF-kB binding?
Does the majority of the mitochondrial genomes abide to the second parity rule (PR2)?
What is the association between h-index and academic rank in academic neurosurgery?
Is there an association between bruxism and reflux?
What is known about the value of mindfulness interventions in prostate cancer patients?
What is known about prostate cancer screening in the UK ?
Which hormone abnormalities are common in Williams syndrome ?
The secreted frizzled-related protein 3 (sFPR3) is altered in human cancers.
Are its level found to increase or to decrease?
Albumin depletion is a common first step for proteomic analysis of CSF fluid. What is the advantage and disadvantage of this procedure?
How are lincRNA affecting the regulation of gene expression?
Which is the protein encoded by the human gene GRIK?
Which residue of alpha-synuclein was found to be phosphorylated in Lewy bodies?
Is paroxetine effective for treatment of premenstrual dysphoric disorder?
What is known about thalidomide therapy and survival of glioblastoma patients?
Is endostatin a proangiogenic factor?
List Genes associated with adolescent idiopathic scoliosis
Can botulism poisoning of a pregnant woman harm her fetus?
List the off-label use of SSRIs
Which is the definition of pyknons in DNA?
Does a linker histone exist in the yeast genome?
What is the role of deadenylases in the cell?
What molecule is targeted by brodalumab?
How long, in kb (kilobases),  is a "Long interspersed nuclear element"?
Which is the gene mutated in type 1 neurofibromatosis?
List receptors of the drug Cilengitide
Can protein coding exons originate from ALU sequences?
How could U1 small nuclear RNA be used in therapeutics?
What is the influence of patent expiry on  ACE inhibitor prescribing.
Is there evidence that tomato juice lowers cholesterol levels?
Are there transposon-free regions in mammalian genomes?
Are messenger RNA molecules epigenetically methylated?
Which genes are more frequently affected by somatic mutations in Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia
How effective is the dentritic cells treatment on cancer?
What is the mode of inheritance of nemaline myopathy?
Which syndrome is NHE6 associated with?
What is known about the reimbursement of Viagra
Why is lock mass used in Orbitrap measurements?
Which virus is Cidofovir (Vistide) indicated for?
Have gnotobiotic animal models been used for the study of bowel disease?
List chromosomes that have been linked to Arnold Chiari syndrome in the literature.
Which translocation is the hallmark of Ewing sarcoma?
Is invasion and metastasis one of the hallmarks of cancer?
Is it possible to detect survivin protein expression in normal human adult tissues?
List symptoms of Meigs' Syndrome.
What is the effect of CRD-BP on the stability of c-myc mRNA?
What is the molecular function of psoralen photobinding on DNA?
Is progesterone effective for treatment of patients with traumatic brain injury based on clinical trial data?
Is there a role for the cylindromatosis tumor suppressor (CYLD) in lung cancer?
Which medical diagnostic tests are used to test kidney function?
Against which protein is the antibody used for immonostaining of Lewy bodies raised?
Which are the main causes of fetal echogenic bowel?
How does trimetazidine affect intracellular kinase signaling in the heart?
Which is the enzymatic activity of the myotubularin family of proteins?
Can we detect DNA strand asymmetries using dinucleotide relative abundance "genomic signatures"?
What is the percentage of responders to tetrabenazine treatment for dystonia in children?
Is there any relationship between histone ubiquitylation and splicing?
Which disease can be treated with Delamanid?
What was the aim of the COSS (Carotid Occlusion Surgery Study) clinical trial?
What are the advantages of the top down mass spectrometric analysis of histones?
What is situs inversus?
Can SUMO affect calcium homeostasis?
What is the indication of Daonil (Glibenclamide)?
Which is the most typical peptide sequence responsible for retrieval of endoplasmic reticulum (ER) lumenal proteins from the Golgi apparatus?
What are the clinical trial outcomes of metformin use in polycystic ovary disease?
List the main proteases used for sample digestion in proteomics.
Which proteins act as factors that promote transcription-coupled repair in bacteria?
What is the association between Generalized anxiety disorder and mortality risk?
Which molecule is targeted by a monoclonal antibody Mepolizumab?
Which is the major symptom of the Doose syndrome?
Have mutations in the GARS gene been identified to cause Charcot-Marie-Tooth Disease Type 2D (CMT2D)?
Which treatment leads to an increase in neutrophil counts in severe congenital neutropenia?
Which genes are affected in ROMANO-WARD syndrome?
Does melanoma  occur in people of African origin ?
What is the effect of resveratrol on mTOR activity?
Are people with blood group O protected against severe Malaria?
Which eye condition is managed by the athens protocol?
What is the role of AMPK kinase in myocardial remodeling after myocardial infarction
What is the mechanism of action of solanezumab?
What are the major clinical Villefranche criteria for classic Ehlers-Danlos syndrome?
What is the treatment of neuropathic pain in children?
Which phenomenon is known as the "calcium paradox" in the isolated perfused heart?
Is there a crystal structure of the full-length of the flaviviridae NS5(Methyltransferase - RNA depended RNA Polymerase) ?
How do Hsp70 and Hsp110 affect mRNA stability?
What is Prudent Diet?
What is the role of necroptosis in cancer therapy?
Can venlafaxine block NET and SERT?
Is Rheumatoid Arthritis more common in men or women?
What is FINDbase?
Can vitamin B1 deficiency cause encephalopathy?
Which methyl-CpG-binding protein when mutant becomes the hallmark for Rett syndrome?
Are epigenetic modifications implicated in cardiovascular development and disease?
Which deiodinases are present in skeletal  muscle?
Which genes are involved in patient response to warfarin?
Which is the molecular weight of the protein angiogenin?
List sodium glucose co-transporter-2 (SGLT2) inhibitors that have been FDA approved for type 2 diabetes mellitus treatment.
What is the gene mutated in the Gaucher disease?
Why does the prodrug amifostine (ethyol) create hypoxia?
What is considered a reliable technique for the definitive cytogenetic diagnosis of Fanconi anemia homozygosity?
Can exosomes be detected in urine?
What is the role of lysine-specific demethylase 1 (LSD1) in hematopoiesis?
For the treatment of which conditions can atypical neuroleptic drugs be used?
Which are the characteristics of  Andersen syndrome?
How are induced pluripotent stem cells used in the study and treatment of cardiovascular diseases?
Which disease is included as an additional feature in the Goldberg-Shprintzen syndrome?
Which protein is causing Netherton syndrome?
Mutations in which gene and which protein are associated with Netherton syndrome?
Which disease of the central nervous system is characterized by the presence of Lewy bodies?
Which deiodinase is known to be present in liver?
Which proteins participate in the formation of the Notch transcriptional activation complex?
How is the sequence variability defined in antibodies?
Is the transcriptional regulator BACH1 an activator or a repressor?
Is Kanzaki disease associated with deficiency in alpha-N-acetylgalactosaminidase?
Is Mycobacterium avium less susceptible to antibiotics than Mycobacterium tuberculosis?
What molecule is targeted by suvorexant?
For which type of diabetes can empagliflozin be used?
Which are the main methods for pharmacophore modelling?
Are there conserved noncoding elements identified between genomes of human and teleosts?
How early during pregnancy does non-invasive cffDNA testing allow sex determination of the fetus?
Does cortical spreading depression appear in ischemic penumbra following ischemic stroke?
Is phospholamban a regulatory/inhibitory protein of the Ca ATPase SERCA?
What is TFBSshape?
Is Alpers disease inherited in an autosomal recessive mode?
Is vemurafenib effective for hairy-cell leukemia?
Which are the inhibitors of histone methyltransferases?
What is the main characteristic of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
Which genes are regulated by MEF-2 in the heart?
Is there an association between TERT promoter mutation and survival of glioma patients?
Which JAK (Janus kinase) inhibitor is approved for treatment of rheumatoid arthritis?
Which is the mechanism used for synthesis of a highly functional N-truncated dystrophin isoform that attenuates dystrophinopathy?
Which are the newly identified DNA nucleases that can be used to treat thalassemia?
Does ziconotide bind to N-type calcium channels?
How is OCT3 associated with serotonin?
What constitutes an increased risk for individuals with Fanconi anemia?
Is stop codon bypass possible?
Is the protein β1-integrin recycled?
Are BBS mutations involved in syndromic Hirschsprung disease?
Which signaling pathway is activating the dishevelled proteins?
Which is the defective protein causing the lysosomal storage disease Fabry?
Is there any software for automated analysis of immuno-histochemistry images?
Is TALEN being used on stem cells?
Is there an association between bruxism and reflux
what is the role of IGF-1 in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?
What is known about prostate cancer screening in the UK
Can a peptide aptamer be used as protein inhibitor?
List inflammatory caspase proteins?
List invertebrates where ultraconserved elements have been identified.
Which gene is most commonly associated with severe congenital and cyclic neutropenia?
what is the role of TGFbeta in cardiac regeneration after myocardial injury?
List two chemotherapeutic agents that are used for treatment of Subependymal Giant Cell Astrocytoma
Are integrins part of the extracellular matrix?
Is Calcium homeostasis important in cardiac physiology and pathophysiology?
List available databases containing information about conserved noncoding elements.
What was the purpose of the FANTOM5 project?
Is the gene DUX4 epigenetically regulated in somatic cells?
What is the function of the mammalian gene Irg1?
Have hESC been tested for the treatment of age-related macular degeneration?
What disease in Loxapine prominently used for?
What is the systemic nickel allergy syndrome?
Which antibodies cause Riedel thyroiditis?
What are the effects of ILK ablation?
Does d-tubocurarine (d-TC) induces irreversible inhibition of nicotinic acetylcholine receptor (nAChR) at the neuromuscular junction?
Which receptors are bound by Tasimelteon?
Is zyxin a focal adhesion protein?
What is the role of ELMO1 gene in cell migration?
What is the biological role of K-48 linked protein ubiquitination?
Could DNA (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferases serve as tumour markers?
Which RNA polymerase is used for the replication of viroids?
List Parkin binding partners
What is generic name of drug Adempas?
What is known about Vancomycin dosing in neonates?
Is single guide RNA part of the CRISPR/Cas9 tool or an inhibitor of its function?
What is the target protein of the drug Idelalisib?
Which antiepileptic drug is most strongly associated with spina bifida? 
Which bacteria caused plague?
The drug JTV519 is derivative of which group of chemical compounds?
Is the long non- coding RNA malat-1 up or downregulated in cancer?
Oxantel is used for periodontitis treatment. How does it work?
What is apelin?
What is the function of the protein encoded by the gene PABPC4?
What kind of enzyme is encoded by the proto-oncogene ABL1?
What is the mode of inheritance of Romano Ward long QT syndrome?
Which histone modifications have been associated to alternative splicing?
Is phospholamban phosphorylated by Protein kinase A?
Are there telemedicine applications for chronic pain management?
What is a P-body (processing body)?
What is the mechanism of action of decitabine?
Which gene is associated with the Mitchell-Riley syndrome?
Is paramyxovirus involved in human subacute thyroiditis?
What are the mobile applications fields of use for patients ?
Is there any link between the aurora B kinase and the polycomb protein ring1B?
Which are the genes responsible for Dyskeratosis Congenita?
Is CD99 encoded by MIC2 gene?
Name five programs for transcript quantification from RNASeq experiments
What are the main characteristics/symptoms of the "Brugada" syndrome
What is the main component of the Lewy bodies?
How does thyroid hormone regulate mitochondrial biogenesis in the myocardium?
What is the link between HOT regions and RNA polymerase recruitment?
List variants of the MC1R gene.
Which is the enzyme that degrades decapped mRNAs?
Which phenotypes are associated with heterozygous mutations of the BSCL2 gene?
Which is the target protein of the drug nivolumab?
The CXCR2 receptor is targeted in cancer. Name five antagonists.
What is the genomic structure of the FAA (FANCA) gene?
What is Snord116?
What is the functional role of the protein Drp1?
Which is the genetic cause for the development of Fanconi anemia complementation group D1?
Which diseases are caused by mutations in Calsequestrin 2 (CASQ2) gene?
What are the most frequent non-canonical sequence motifs at the donor and acceptor splice sites in vertebrates?
What does isradipine do to L-type channels?
Why does cranberry juice help combat urinary tract infections?
In which diseases have electronic patient diaries been applied ?
Which type of myeloma is ixazomib being evaluated for?
Which are the Atg8 homologs in human?
To which family does the Zika virus belong?
Has the fungus Ashbya gossypii got many nuclei that share cytoplasm?
What is the functionality of the Triplex R/bioconductor package?
Which is the molecular mechanism underlying K-ras alterations in carcinomas?
Is microRNA(miRNA) 30 involved in post-ischemic cardiac remodeling?
List all clinical trials of the polypill.
What is transvection?
What is the role of probiotics in gastrointestinal disease?
What is the main symptom of Marfan syndrome patients?
What species is associated with Tetrodotoxin?
How is myotonic dystrophy inherited?
How do HBS1L-MYB intergenic variants regulate fetal hemoglobin?
Which are the mammalian orthologs of Drosophila Yki?
Is statin use associated with improved outcomes after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage?
What is the typical outer diameter of microtubules (tubulin heterodimers)?
Does molindone affect body weight?
What is the genetic basis of propionic acidemia?
Which protein phosphatase has been found to interact with the heat shock protein, HSP20?
What is the risk in G-CSF treatment for severe congenital neutropenia?
Neurostimulation of which nucleus is used for treatment of dystonia?
Which myosin isozymes are located within the pericuticular necklace of the hair cell?
Which is the treatment strategy followed in spinocerebellar ataxia type 3 for CAG removal?
Where is the angiogenin binding element  located?
Which proteins cause cytoplasmic sequestration of NF-kB?
Is the SDHAF2 gene  encoding a protein necessary for flavination of SDHA?
What is the mode of inheritance of Marchesani syndrome?
Tumor-treating fields are effective for treatment of which cancers?
Which event results in the acetylation of S6K1?
List angiocrine factors
What is protein carbamylation?
What is the cause of episodic ataxia type 6?
What is the main role of Ctf4 in dna replication?
Could Arimidex (anastrozole) cause hot flashes?
What is the role of Inn1 in cytokinesis?
Which hormone deficiency is implicated in the Costello syndrome ?
List the components of a Replisome Progression Complex (RPC).
What is the definition of minimal absent words?
What is the common feature in congenital central hypoventilation and Mowat-Wilson syndromes?
Which is the most common CFTR mutation in Caucasians?
Which CDK targets control cytokinesis?
Are Alu elements transcribed?
In what type(s) of plant organelles we can detect prolamellar bodies?
What do mepolizumab and reslizumab have in common?
When are itaconic acid levels elevated?
Are chromomethylases present in animal genomes?
Which genes are associated with autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth?
Which transcription factors (TFs) participate in the formation of the interferon-beta (IFN-b) enhanceosome?
Is low T3 syndrome related with high BNP in cardiac patients?
List packages for transcription factor binding sites' (TFBS) analysis available in R/Bioconductor
Simpson grading is used to describe resection of which brain tumor?
Where in the cell do we find the protein Cep135?
Is delayed enhancement documented in patients with non-ischemic dilated cardiomyopathy?
Which enzyme is inhibited by Varespladib?
Which protein does empagliflozin inhibit?
What symptoms characterize the Muenke syndrome?
List all reported treatment options for anxiety in autism spectrum disorder.
List adenosine A2A receptor antagonists that are used for Parkinson's disease treatment.
What is the clinical indication of cardiac T1 mapping magnetic resonance?
Which autophagy pathway is trigered by the KFERQ motif of cytosolic proteins?
Which are the clinical characteristics of TSC?
How does dabigatran therapy affect aPTT in patients with atrial fibrillation?
List fish anti-freeze proteins.
Which is the phosphorylated residue in the promoter paused form of RNA polymerase II?
Has overexpression of sirtuins been reported to increase lifespan in budding yeast (Saccharomyces cerevisiae)?
Name the major classes of small  non coding RNAs in mammalians?
Describe a diet that reduces the chance of kidney stones.
What pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions can be considered as prophylactic therapies in Cluster Headache patients?
How does phospholamban affect the biological activity of the calcium ATPase SERCA?
List the components of mTOR Complex 2 (mTORC2).
What is known about the Digit Ratio (2D:4D) cancer?
Is TREM2 associated with Alzheimer's disease?
Does the protein mTOR regulate autophagy?
Which are the mains risk factors of metabolic syndrome?
Which multiple kinase inhibitors are used in cancer therapy?
Has proteomics been used in the study of Pick's disease?
Are there any urine biomarkers for bladder cancer diagnosis?
List types of avoided words in bacterial genomes
Which gene(s) should be genotyped in order to prescribe the drug Cetuximab (anti-EGFR)?
Is signal transducer and activator of transcription-3 (STAT3) critical for tumor angiogenesis progression?
Which is the physiological target for LeuRS translational quality control?
Is sumoylation implicated in myogenesis?
What do studies show about the effect of Induced hypothermia in premature babies?
Describe what is the advantage of using a stain free protein gel in a Western Blot experiment?
Which is the target of the drug Denosumab?
Which enzyme is inhibited by a drug fostamatinib?
Is the Miller-Fisher syndrome considered to be a variant of Guillain-Barré?
Is Ctf4 involved in sister chromatid cohesion establishment?
What states the second parity rule (PR2)?
Are retroviruses used for gene therapy?
Do lincRNAs play a role in human cancer?
Explain the concept proteostasis.
Which gene test can be used for the X-linked myotubular myopathy?
Is there a phylogenetic analysis for HIV?
What is the association between adiponectin and migraine?
Which phenomenon is described as oncogene addiction?
Are there randomised controlled trials on sevoflurane?
In which cells are gasdermins expressed?
Where in a protein can a signal sequence be found?
Can FOXOs modulate longevity?
Which antibody is implicated in the Bickerstaff's brainstem encephalitis?
Which micro-RNAs have been associated in the pathogenesis of Rheumatoid Arthritis?
Is there an association between FGFR3 mutation and plagiocephaly?
Are CD44 variants (CD44v) associated with poor prognosis of metastasis?
Is Bladder training an effective method to treat  urge incontinence ?
What is the scope of the OMIA database?
What is the effect of methotrexate in treating uveitis due to juvenile idiopathic arthritis ?
Which are the enzymes involved in the addition of 7-methylguanosine in mRNA?
What is HOCOMOCO?
In which condition was protein S100A7 originally identified?
Do proton pump inhibitors affect thyroxine absorption?
Is PER3 required for CHK2 activation in human cells?
What is the typical alteration of the thyroid profile metabolism early after coronary artery bypass graft surgery?
Which proteins are involved in actin bundling and filopodia formation and function?
What does the SAGA complex acronym stands for?
What is the result of the interaction between TSC1 and PLK1?
What are the characteristics of the "Universal Proteomics Standard 2" (UPS2)?
Which polyQ tract protein is linked to Spinocerebellar Ataxia type 2?
Which are the smallest known subviral pathogens of plants?
What causes Katayama Fever?
List clinical trials for prevention of sarcopenia
Which is the database of molecular recognition features in membrane proteins?
Which database is available for the identification of chorion proteins in Lepidopteran proteomes?
Are there any clinical trials of the effect of evening primrose oil on postmenopausal symptoms ?
Is acid alpha-glucosidase the enzyme that causes Pompe disease when mutant?
Which kinase is inhibited by Tripolin A?
Is the optogenetics tool ChR2 light-sensitive?
Is the Prostate- Specific Antigen (PSA) test relevant only for prostate cancer?
List symptoms of Hakim Triad.
Which is the cellular target of gefitinib?
What kind of bonds are connecting keratin molecules?
Is autism one of the characteristics of Moebius syndrome?
Is Sarcolipin a regulatory/inhibitory protein of the Calcium ATPase SERCA?
What is the risk of developing acute myelogenous leukemia in Fanconi anemia?
How many different mutations have been associated with Muenke syndrome?
How can the fetal Rhesus be determined with non-invasive testing?
Which genes have been proposed as potential candidates for gene therapy of heart failure?
DX-88 is investigational name of which drug?
What type of arrhythmia is known as bidirectional ventricular tachycardia (BDVT)?
Which genes have been found to be associated with restless leg syndrome
Is the circadian clock involved in ribosome biogenesis?
Can mutations in Calmodulin cause ventricular fibrillation?
Do the Sleeping Beauty or the piggyBac transposons have higher transposition efficiency?
Where does TORC1 sequester during heat stress?
Is rivaroxaban metabolized in kidneys?
What are the side effects of Nalmefene?
Is Hirschsprung disease one of the characteristics of the Mowat-Wilson syndrome?
Which are the most common methods for gene prioritization analysis?
Which is the most common disease attributed to malfunction or absence of primary cilia?
What is the usefulness of ultraconserved elements in phylogeny?
Treprostinil is an analogue for which prostaglandin?
Which are the characteristics of the Meier-Gorlin syndrome?
Which enzyme is deficient in Gaucher's disease?
What is the role of Hsp90 inhibition in cancer therapy?
Which is the most common type of pediatric cerebellar tumor?
Which is the E3 ubiquitin ligase of Hsp90?
Which are the major phycobiliproteins present in cyanobacteria?
Is PLK2 involved in alpha-synuclein phosphorylation in the nervous system?
In which kingdom do microsporidia belong, according to their current classification scheme?
What is the inheritance pattern of Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy? 
What is the mechanism of action of anticoagulant medication Dabigatran?
What is the effect of a defective CLN3 gene?
Which genes are regulated by TRalpha2  in the heart?
Is insulin-like growth factor-I (IGF-I) able to affect tendon protein synthesis in classic Ehlers-Danlos syndrome patients?
List available methods for transmembrane protein topology prediction.
Does GC content vary markedly within a given isochore?
Is tubulin acetylation involved in cell motility?
List available genetic multicolor cell labeling techiniques in Drosophila
Which growth factors are known to be involved in the induction of EMT?
What is the function of the yeast protein Aft1?
Can PLN mutations lead to dilated cardiomyopathy?
Which is the genetic lesion associated with Huntington’s disease?
Is corpus callosum involved in the Mowat–Wilson syndrome?
Which histone modification discriminates between active and poised enhancers?
What are the properties of super-enhancers?
What is the inheritance pattern of Li–Fraumeni syndrome?
Which pituitary adenoma is common cause of infertility is women?
What is the role of mismatched uracil glycosylase (Mug) in DNA repair?
Which are the cardiac effects of thyronamines?
Matuzumab has been tested for treatment of which cancers?
Which are the synonyms of prostate-specific antigen?
What is the lipid droplet used for in the cell?
What is the function of circular RNA?
Can NXY-059 be used for treatment of acute ischemic stroke patients?
Is flibanserin effetive for Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder? 
List available biomedical question answering systems.
Which dediodinases are present in kidney?
What is the presumed key event in Fanconi anemia pathogenesis?
What is the effect of Allopurinol on asphyxia in neonates?
Is recommended the use of perioperative treatment with thyroid hormone therapy in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting?
When is the protein NFL a biomarker?
Is protein CXCR4 used as a prognostic marker of cancer?
How does thyroid  hormone  regulate  SR-Ca2+ ATPase  (SERCA) protein in the heart?
Which trancription factor activates the betalain pathway?
List common symptoms of patients with the DOORS syndrome.
Which is the most well-accepted method for Down syndrome non-invasive prenatal diagnosis?
Is the H3K4me3 histone mark related to transcriptional initiation or elongation?
What does polyadenylate-binding protein 4 (PABP4) bind to?
What is the average diameter of intermediate filaments?
Elaborate on the association between Genomic Regulatory Blocks (GRBs) and target genes
Which therapeutic interventions for sarcopenia have been  applied
What is the genetic basis of progeria?
What is the function of cryptochrome-1 in mouse?
Describe July Effect.
Which intermediate filament (IF) protein can be used as a non-specific marker of the neuronal precursor cells of the subventricular zone?
Which enzyme is involved in the maintenance of DNA (cytosine-5-)-methylation?
Is transcapillary  albumin escape altered in diabetic patients?
Which genes does thyroid hormone receptor beta1 regulate in the liver?
Are conserved noncoding elements associated with developmental genes?
In what proportion of children with heart failure has Enalapril been shown to be safe and effective?
Is myasthenia gravis associated with osteoporosis?
Which cell type has the protein Chromogranin A as marker?
Does a selective sweep increase genetic variation?
Which disease phenotypes are associated to PRPS1 mutations?
Is indicated the use of antioxidant supplements in patients at risk for coronary artery disease?
Which are the main functions of the human HuR (ELAVL1) protein in fibroblasts?
Which kinases does baricitinib inhibit?
Is there evidence to suggest that triiodothyronine has neuroprotective properties in traumatic brain injury?
What is the role played by mTOR in hypertrophic response and heart failure?
Is Lysine-specific demethylase 1 (LSD1) a critical regulator of hematopoiesis?
Is K-63 linked protein ubiquitination related to proteasomal degradation?
Could transcription factors act as cell-cell signalling molecules?
Magnetic beads has been used in numerous applications. List some coatings used.
is pharmacological treatment of subclinical hypothyroidism effective in reducing cardiovascular events?
Could Catecholaminergic Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia (CPVT)
cause sudden cardiac death?
What is the mechanism of action of DNA topoisomerase II inhibitors?
Are histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors good candidates to control metastasis of solid tumors?
Is muscle lim protein (MLP) involved in cardiomyopathies?
Which gene harbors the mutation T790M?
what is the role of FGF-2 in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?
Have 5q35 microdeletions been implicated in Sotos syndrome development?
Tumors of which three organs are classically associated with the multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1 syndrome?
Which is the protein implicated in Spinocerebellar ataxia type 3?
What is Tn-seq?
Is metabolic syndrome related with cardiovascular disease?
Is there any functional association during viral replication between flaviviridae viral RNA depended RNA polymerase and viral helicase?
Are defects in recombination repair involved in carcinogenesis?
Which is the prevalence of cystic fibrosis in the human population?
Are seizures among the neurological symptoms of incontinentia pigmenti?
Which are the different homologs or family members of the hedgehog proteins in mammals?
What does mTOR stands for?
Which is the most common genetic lesion among patients with Joubert Syndrome and a cerebello-oculo-renal phenotype?
Which scales are recommended by the American Heart Association for depression screening in cardiovascular patients? 
Is there a genome-wide technique for the detection of R-loop formation?
How is CBX1/M31 related to position-effect variegation?
Can bioprinting use human cells?
Is transcription-associated mutagenesis (TAM) related to gene expression levels?
Is there a pharmacogenetic test for trastuzumab?
Which calcium channels does ethosuximide target?
What is the sedimentation coefficient of the mammalian mitoribosome?
Describe the mechanism of action of aliskiren. 
Which proteins act as histone-like molecules in prokaryotes?
Which receptor is targeted by telcagepant?
What is the role of photodynamic therapy for meningioma treatment?
Do carmustine wafers improve survival of glioblastoma patients?
Is Dicer part of the RISC loading complex?
What is the Arnold-Chiari syndrome?
What is the biological role of SERCA2 SUMOylation in cardiac physiology and pathophysiology, such as in heart failure?
Which trinucleotide repeat disorders are affecting the nervous system?
Is hypersensitivity to DNA crosslinking agents a hallmark of Fanconi anemia?
Which are the cellular targets of imatinib mesylate?
Which are the clinical characteristics of Tuberous Sclerosis?
What is known about MER41 repeat sequences?
How functional connectivity of the default mode network changes in patients with disorders of consciousness?
Have C12orf65 mutations been associated with axonal neuropathy and optic atrophy?
List drugs included in the DHAP-R chemotherapy regiment.
Are psammoma bodies characteristic to meningiomas?
Which are the most common symptoms in Lambert-Eaton Myasthenic Syndrome?
What is the pyroptotic pathway?
Which types of bacterial microflora are associated with the progression of peri-implantitis?
What are the known families of deadenylases?
Which translocation is harbored in the Askin tumor cells?
What is the function of the AtxA pleiotropic regulator?
Is cystatin C or cystatin 3 used as a biomarker of kidney function?
Which R/bioconductor package utilizes the Hilbert curve in order to visualize genomic data?
Can fetal aneuploidy be detected with non-invasive prenatal testing?
Which packages are used for performing overlap analysis of genomic regions in R/bioconductor?
Is dichlorphenamide effective for periodic paralysis?
What is evaluated with the Hydrocephalus Outcome Questionnaire?
What is known about maternal smoking and brain tumor risk?
Which pathway is activated by ficolin-3?
Is nivolumab used for treatment of Non–Small-Cell Lung Cancer?
Global quantitative phosphoproteomic analyses are emerging. List the preferred technologies for the enrichment for phosphorylated peptides?
Which histone modifications are correlated with transcription elongation?
Does  thyroid hormone receptor beta1 affect insulin secretion?
List disorders that have been associated to the polymorphism rs2535629.
What is targeted by monoclonal antibody Pembrolizumab?
Does replication timing affect the rate of somatic mutations?
Which metazaon species or taxa are known to lack selenoproteins
What is the mode of inheritance of Facioscapulohumeral muscular
dystrophy (FSHD)?
Is NOD1 activated in inflammation?
List diseases where protein citrullination plays an important role.
What is commotio cordis?
What is the cause of Phthiriasis Palpebrarum?
Does the histidine-rich Ca-binding protein (HRC) interact with triadin?
How are CpG island shores defined?
Does magnesium sulfate improve outcomes of subarachnoid hemorrhage patients?
Which gene is mutated in a subtype of arrhythmogenic right ventricular cardiomyopathy known as Naxos disease?
What is the role of edaravone in traumatic brain injury?
Are there plasma membrane receptors for thyroid hormones?
Which disorder is rated by Palmini classification?
what is the role of erythropoietin in cardiac regeneration after myocardial infarction?
Does Rad9 interact with Aft1 in S.cerevisiae?
Are there any desmins present in plants?
Are viruses involved in the etiology of human subacute thyroiditis?
List core circadian clock genes.
Which peripheral neuropathy has been associated with NDRG1 mutations?
Is miR-126 involved in heart failure?
Does resveratrol reduce cardiac remodeling?
Which is the receptor for substrates of Chaperone Mediated Autophagy?
What are the hallmarks of congestive heart failure?
What is the mode of inheritance of short QT syndrome?
List clinical trials that have directly compared microsurgical clipping with endovascular coiling for treatment of ruptured brain aneurysms?
What is the reason for the narcolepsy cases developed after H1N1 influenza vaccination?
Which are the biotracers used for detection of Alzheimer's disease using PET?
What was the purpose of the FANTOM3 project?
In which isochores are Alu elements enriched?
Is oxalate renal excretion increased after bariatric surgery?
Which are the mutational hotspots of the human KRAS oncogene?
Which intraflagellar transport (IFT) motor protein has been linked to human skeletal ciliopathies?
What is the mechanism of action of ocrelizumab for treatment of multiple sclerosis?
What is the link between Nonidet-40 (NP-40) and biotinylation?
Which is the transcript responsible for X-chromosome inactivation?
What are viral vectors used for in optogenetics?
Which domain allowing self-association do exist in TDP-43 and FUS proteins?
Is there a role for transcription factories in genome organization?
Which are the Chompret criteria for Li-Fraumeni syndrome?
When ceritinib used instead of crizotinib?
What type of enzyme is peroxiredoxin 2 (PRDX2)?
Is the length of the poly(A) tail involved in human disease?
Why graphics processing units (GPU) are more suitable for biological tasks than central processing units (CPU)?
Which are the thyroid hormone analogs utilized in human studies?
Are patients with marfan syndrome at increased risk of arrhythmias?
What are the treatments of choice for GIST (gastrointestinal stromal tumor)?
List Kartagener Syndrome Triad.
Which disease is associated with the ectopic expression of the protein encoded by the gene DUX4?
Which G protein is essential in the formation and function of lamellipodia?
Which are the main functions of the APOBEC3 family of proteins?
Which histone modifications are associated with constitutive heterochromatin?
What is the main application of SWATH-MS in proteomics?
Do selenoproteins and selenium play a role in prostate cancer prevention?
What can Nothobranchius furzeri be used as a model system for?
What is the function of TALENs?
Has protein citrullination been implicated in rheumatoid arthritis?
Show results of randomised controlled trials for certolizumab pegol.
Which is the mass-tag that reveal the ubiquitination of a lysine residue?
Which gene is involved in CADASIL?
What is the role of thyroid hormone receptor alpha1 in insulin secretion?
Do R-loops tend to form at sites of DNA replication?
Which two catechol-O-methyl transferase (COMT) inhibitors can be used for treatment of Parkinson disease?
What are the structures formed when keratin molecules come together?
Which is the prognostic impact of hypothyroidism in patients with acute myocardial infarction?
Which are the main features of CREST and other ALS-linked proteins?
Mutations of which genes have been associated with Catecholaminergic Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia (CPVT)?
What is the relationship between nucleosomes and exons?
List programs suitable for pharmacophore modelling
Is selenium deficiency involved in autoimmune thyroid disease?
List disorders that are caused by mutations in the mitochondrial MTND6 gene.
Which are the most common methods for ctDNA (circulating tumour DNA) detection?
Which gene is associated with Muenke syndrome?
Is it safe to use Abatacept during pregnancy?
What is DeepCAGE?
Is STAT3 involved in EIF2AK2-dependent suppression of autophagy?
RTS S AS01 vaccine was developed to prevent which disease?
What are the Topological Domains (TADs)?
What is the vibrational theory of olfaction?
Are CTCF and BORIS involved in genome regulation and cancer?
What is the application of the ASSET algorithm in C.elegans?
Are Sidekick proteins members of the immunoglobulin superfamily?
What are the pyknons?
Which deiodinases are best known to be present in brain?
What are the computational methods for the prediction of beta-barrel transmembrane proteins?
Describe what is the usage of the Theatre software tool for genomic analysis.
How are CRM (cis-regulatory modules) defined?
Which is the main regulatory molecule of SERCA2A function in the cardiac muscle?
Which gene is responsible for the development of the Mowat-Wilson syndrome?
How is active neurotoxin of Clostridium botulinum detected?
Which factor interacts with Treslin/TICRR throughout the cell cycle of human cells?
What is oprozomib?
Is there a relationship between junctin and ryanodine receptors?
Which medication should be administered when managing patients with suspected acute opioid overdose?
In which nuclear compartments is heterochromatin located?
Have mutations in the ZEB2 gene been found in any human syndrome?
Which enzymes are involved in global genome nucleotide excision repair (GG-NER) in bacteria?
Is JTV519 (K201) a potential drug for the prevention of arrhythmias?
What is the mechanism of microRNA deregulation in carcinogenesis?
Which type of GTPases is required for amino acid-dependent activation of mTORC1?
In which genomic regions are Alu enriched?
What is the synonym of the lubag disease?
Dracorhodin perchlorate was tested for treatment of which cancers?
What is the role of venous angioplasty in multiple sclerosis?
Are the Fanconi anemia genes a part of the same signalling pathway?
Are there clinical trials using stem cells for the treatment of cardiac disease?
Is DNA methylation an epigenetic modification of chromatin related to gene expression?
Is Growth factor independence 1b (GFI1B) important for hematopoiesis?
Has Revlimid been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration?
Which  is the execution time (complexity) of the Smith-Waterman algorithm for the alignment of two sequences
List mutations that are implicated in the Gray Platelet Syndrome.
Has single guide RNA been used on human cells?
Is Fibroblast Growth Factor 23 a phosphaturic hormone?
Which type of cell death is known as anoikis?
The small molecule SEA0400 is an inhibitor of which ion antiporter/exchanger?
What is Piebaldism?
Which SLC family is FLVCR1 a member of?
Is amoxicillin used for treatment of malnutrition in children?
Where are the orexigenic peptides synthesized?
What is the mechanism of action of APOBEC3G cytidine deaminase to inhibit HIV-1 replication?
Which inherited disorder is known to be caused by mutations in the NEMO gene?
What is ISMARA?
Is it possible to purify pseudopodia to be used for proteomic analysis?
Where does TDP43 localize in ALS neurons?
List interaction partners for the protein GATA1.
Is  farnesoid X receptor (FXR) a nuclear receptor?
What histone variants play a role in the DNA damage reponse?
List tele monitoring applications of miniaturised sensors
How are ultraconserved elements called when they form clusters?
What is the basis of the methodology of "functional class scoring" (FCS) for the analysis of gene expression data?
What is the Timothy syndrome?
Which disease has been associated to a disruptive ALX1 protein?
How many selenoproteins are encoded in the human genome?
In which process Src, Cortactin and MT1-MMP are playing an essential role?
In which yeast chromosome does the rDNA cluster reside?
Which is the underlying mechanism for exon skipping used to treat Duchenne muscular dystrophy?
What is the advantage of using long nano columns in proteomics?
During which stage of the cell cycle is cohesin deposited on the yeast genome?
Which is the neurodevelopmental disorder associated to mutations in the X- linked gene mecp2?
What is the treatment of Riedel disease (thyroiditis)?
What is the link between Dax1 and Esrrb?
What is dovitinib?
Are DNA helicases involved in progeroid syndromes?
List the diseases for which there are point-of-care breath tests
Is there association of matrix metalloproteinases with behaviour of pituitary adenomas?
What is the evolutionary process described by the "Muller's ratchet" model?
Which heat shock protein is found to be upregulated during Hsp90 inhibition?
Which gene is responsible for the development of Sotos syndrome?
What is the name for anorexia in gymnasts?
Is Vitamin D deficiency in pregnant women associated with gestational diabetes?
What are the indications for alteplase?
List scaffold proteins of the ERK signaling pathway.
Which are the families of mammalian DNA-(cytosine-5)-methyltransferases?
Which classes of endogenous retroelements are known to date?
What is the association between proBNP serum concentrations and stroke outcomes?
What is the effect that EZH2 has on chromatin?
Does Chromatin Immunoprecipitation (ChIP) show a bias for highly expressed loci?
Is clathrin involved in E-cadherin endocytosis?
What are the generic versions of Viagra
List GATA-1 interacting partners as discovered with the help of the biotinylation tagging approach.
Which diseases are associated with Alu element insertion?
Approximately how many recombination hotspots have been found in the yeast genome?
How could iPSCs be used for the treatment of diabetes?
What is the name of the stem loop present in the 3' end of genes encoding for selenoproteins?
Is Propofol used for short-term sedation?
Which proteins are the different members of the NF-kappaB family of transcription factors?
What are the symptoms of Rotor syndrome?
Does splicing occur co-transcriptionally?
List the existing methods for genetic manipulation of cells.
Are there clinical trials on stem cells in multiple sclerosis
Which SWI/SNF protein complex subunit has been demonstrated to interact with the FANCA gene product?
Are piRNAs involved in gene silencing?
List representatives of the major fungal hypoxanthine-adenine-guanine transporter families.
Which proteins have been identified as RET ligands?
Which substances are dangerous to g6PD deficient individuals?
Which mutations of SCN5A gene are implicated in Brugada syndrome?
What is Sotos syndrome?
What is the CRAPome database?
List all articles on network meta-analysis for smoking cessation
Can RG7112 inhibit MDM2?
Which clotting factor is inhibited by betrixaban?
Which are the most frequent syndromes associated with inherited bone marrow failure?
How is yellow fever virus transmitted?
Are there any specific antidotes for dabigatran?
What is the outcome of TAF10 interacting with the GATA1 transcription factor?
How does TNF affect thyroid hormone receptors?
Which ones are the ESKAPE organisms?
What is the effect of dovitinib on the cell cycle?
What is the involvement of PDGFRB in metastatic medulloblastoma?
What is known as Calcium Induced Calcium Release (CICR) and its role in cardiomyocyte contractility?
What is the action of molindone?
What is the function of the enzymes known as dual specificity phoshpatases (DUSPs)?
How is bladder wall thickness measured?
LY450139 is investigational name of which drug?
Are there any Decision support systems for chronic pain management ?
Which gene has been found to be mutant in Lesch-Nyhan Disease patients?
Which is the methyl donor of histone methyltransferases?
How are human accelerated regions (HAR) defined?
Carbapenemase-producing gram-negative bacteria is a major health concern because their resistance to antibiotics.
List the most frequent carbapenemases found in Enterobacteriaceae.
How are GRBs (Genomic Regulatory Blocks) defined?
What is the gene frequently mutated in Multiple endocrine neoplasia 2 (MEN2) and Hisrchsprung disease?
Which are the clinical characteristics of isolated Non-compaction cardiomyopathy?
What is STARR-seq?
In which genomic positions is the histone variant macroH2A enriched?
Does amiodarone affect thyroid hormone receptors in the myocardium?
From which sequence does the Alu repeat originate from?
Abnormality in which vertebral region is important in the Bertolotti's syndrome?
What does iBAQ stand for in proteomic analysis?
Which is the main target of the anti-arrhythmic activity of flecainide?
Does thyroid hormone affect cardiac remodeling?
What is the effect of ROS on cyclin B1?
Are there any HCV replication inhibitors available?
Provide examples of how molecular transporters contribute to multi-drug resistance in bacteria.
What is the minimal genome build?
Is cocaine use associated with increased risk for intracerebral hemorrhage?
Is miR-21 related to carcinogenesis?
Which is the most prevalent form of arrhythmia worldwide?
Are thyroid hormone receptor alpha1 mutations  implicated in thyroid hormone resistance syndrome?
Which agents are included in the FLAMSA chemotherapy regimen?
Which are the subunits of the IkB protein kinase (IKK)?
Is PLK2 involved in alpha-synuclein phosphorylation in Parkinson disease?
Which glands are subject to attack by lymphocytes in Sjogren's syndrome?
Describe Malgaigne fracture.
Name five popular  computer  programs used to identify genes in genomic sequences
Which are the major transcription factors regulating glycolysis in mammals?
Mutations in which gene determine response to both erlotinib and gefitinib?
Which protein complexes contain mitofilin?
Define marine metaproteomics
Mutation of which gene and which chromosome cause Neurofibromatosis type I?
Which genes does thyroid hormone receptor alpha1 regulate in the heart?
What is the content of the METLIN database?
Which is the RNA sequence of the canonical polyadenylation signal?
Which computational frameworks are available for predicting enhancers?
Which proteins in the cerebro-spinal fluid can be used for early diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease?
Is there evidence for somatic mosaicism in Tuberous Sclerosis?
What is GRO-seq?
What is the role of the RUNX1-MYEF2 complex?
Does smoking increase risk for glioblastoma?
Which genes are implicated in short QT syndrome?
What is SCENAR therapy used for?
List symptoms of Gradenigo's syndrome.
Is Wnt16b secreted in response to chemotherapy?
Do DNA double-strand breaks play a causal role in carcinogenesis?
Do conserved noncoding elements co-occur with matrix-attachment regions?
What is the relationship between thyroid hormone and inflammatory markers in heart failure patients?
Which variables are included in the SPAN-100 score?
Are Drosophila ultraconserved elements candidate ncRNAs?
Which genes does thyroid hormone receptor alpha1 regulate in the liver?
What is the color of the protein Ranasmurfin?
What is the role of Caenorhabditis elegans Heterochromatin protein 1 (HPL-2) in development?
Does surgery for ovarian endometriomas improve fertility?
Are ACTA1 (alpha actin) and NEB (nebulin) genes related to nemaline myopathy?
What are the pregnancy outcomes in rheumatoid arthritis?
What is DNAshape?
How are thyroid hormones involved in the development of diabetic cardiomyopathy?
By which methods can we evaluate the reliability of a phylogenetic tree?
Which histone modification is primarily linked to elongating transcription?
Could RG7112 be used as cancer therapy?
Which interleukin is blocked by Siltuximab?
ROSIER scale is used for which disorder?
How histone deacetylation causes transcriptional gene silencing?
Which is the subcellular localization of the protein angiogenin?
List FDA approved treatments for androgenetic allopecia
Which bone protein is used in archaelogy for dating and species identification?
Does thyroid hormone affect cardiac remodeling ?
What is the effect of SAHA treatment in Huntington's disease?
What is known about the role of mHealth in the prevention of disease?
Which receptors are targeted by suvorexant?
Is armodafinil used for treatment of insomnia?
A common problem in proteomics is the contamination of samples with exogenous proteins (often from other species). These proteins can be found in specific databases. List some contaminants.
Which gene has been implicated in Majeed Syndrome?
What is Trypan blue used for?
Selexipag is used for which disease?
How does ranolazine affect kinase signaling activation in the heart?
List features of the DEND syndrome.
What is the RESID database?
Pridopidine has been tested for treatment of which disorder?
Are there currently applications of deep learning in genomics?
Are CpG islands located close to housekeeping genes?
Is COL5A2 gene associated to ischemic heart disease?
Which is the target of bortezomib used in cancer therapy?
Have microRNAs been implicated in pharmacogenomics? 
Which genes are known to be involved in Diamond-Blackfan anemia?
Is nicotinamide effective for skin cancer prevention?
Which is the chromosomal location of the gene MAOA?
Do Parkinson's disease patients experience stridor?
Which depression rating scales were shown to have acceptable psychometric properties for screening of poststroke depression?
What is the mechanism of action of  trichostatin A (TSA) as an antitumoral agent?
Is there an association between serum interleukin-6 concentrations and outcomes of stroke patients?
Could bioprinting be used in regenerative medicine against bone disease?
Idarucizumab is an antidote of which drug?
What are the main clinical characteristics of Pendred syndrome?
What is the Pfam database?
What is a popular mesaure of gene expression in RNA-seq experiments?
Is macroautophagy a selective degradation process?
Inhibition of which enzyme is mechanism of action of alisertib?
List the three most prevalent pathogenic species of Borrelia in Europe.
Which thyroid hormone transporter is implicated in thyroid hormone resistance syndrome?
Which are the subunits of the transcription factor NF-kappaB in the canonical pathway activation?
Is there any link between conserved noncoding elements and alternative splicing in vertebrates?
Which protein is affected by dusp8 activation?
Which receptors are targeted by a drug Macitentan?
What is known as the cause of subacute thyroiditis?
Which drugs are utilized to treat eosinophilic esophagitis?
What is the incidence of cystic fibrosis in the caucasian population?
What is the effect of thapsigargin treatment?
What is the Her2 status in Li-Fraumeni syndrome?
Where is X-ray free electron laser used?
Which protein kinases have been found to phosphorylate Phospholamban and affect its biological activity?
Why can't humans synthesize Neu5Gc (N-Glycolylneuraminic acid)?
Which enzyme is inhibited by Orteronel?
What is the disorder in which mutations in U4atac snRNA are detected?
Which is the binding site motif of Sp1?
List autoimmune disorders associated with GAD65 autoantibodies.
Elaborate on the TREAT-NMD initiative for DMD patients
Is muscle regeneration possible in mdx mice with the use of induced mesenchymal stem cells?
List the different subtypes of thyroid cancer.
What are the characteristics of Christianson syndrome?
Is the SDHAF2 gene encoding a protein necessary for flavination of SDHA?
What is the physiological role of LKB1 involved in Peutz-Jeghers syndrome?
What heterotachy states about molecular evolutionary processes?
What is known about depression in caregivers of brain tumor patients?
What are the effects of homozygosity of EDNRB mutations in addition to Hirschsprung disease?
What is the prognostic role of alterred thyroid profile after cardiosurgery?
List Pentalogy of Fallot.
Which is the major function of sororin?
Which gene fusion is the result of the "philadelphia translocation" or the "philadelphia chromosome" mutation?
Is zolpidem an antibiotic?
Can desvenlafaxine be used at a dose of 50mg/day?
Which syndrome is associated with OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 deficiency?
Which type of lung cancer is afatinib used for?
Can ferric carboxymaltose be used to treat anemia in inflammatory bowel disease patients?
Which disease is treated with Eliglustat?
List algorithms suitable for predicting protein complexes
What are piggyBAC transposons?
Is there any association of the chromosomal region harboring the gene ITIH3 with schizophrenia?
Is APOBEC3B protein predominantly cytoplasmic or nuclear?
Is the regulation of Vsr endonuclease independent of the growth phase of bacteria?
Are there interactomes available for POU5F1 and SOX2?
Which tool is used for promoterome mining using CAGE data?
Is Rheumatoid Arthritis related to myopathy?
what is the role of GATA-4 in regeneration of the heart after myocardial infarction?
What is the life expectancy of professional athletes in respect to the general population?
Is EZH2 associated with prostate cancer?
How does adrenergic signaling affect thyroid hormone receptors?
What are the computational tools for the prediction of beta-barrel transmembrane proteins?
Which kinase is regulating stress granule biogenesis?
What is the association between cell phone use and glioblastoma?
Is there any cross-talk between the Wnt and the Akt pathways?
Has the protein GFP been used in transgenesis for live protein imaging?
Is the Snord116 cluster associated with the Prader-Willi syndrome?
Aleglitazar is agonist of which receptor?
What are the main characteristics of Catecholaminergic Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia (CPVT)?
Is poly (ADP- ribosylation) involved in transcriptional control?
Is nimodipine recommended for prevention of vasospasm in aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage patients?
what is the role of prostaglandins in cardiac regenaration after myocardial infarction?
What is the general function of H3K79 methylation?
Where can we find the protein lacritin?
Where can we find the protein dermcidin?
What is the triple screening test performed during pregnancy measuring?
What are the generic versions of Viagra?
Which protein interacts with the Ragulator-RAG GTPases to control mTOR activity?
Against which organisms has reverse vaccinology been used?
Galassi classification is used for which disorder?
Describe Mozart effect.
What is the purpose of the Tokuhashi scoring system?
Which compounds exist that are thyroid hormone analogs?
Is lenvatinib effective for thyroid cancer?
What genes are related to breast cancer?
To the ligand of which receptors does Denosumab (Prolia) bind?
List fluorescent reporter proteins.
By which mechanism MutT proteins act against DNA lesions in bacteria?
Was tamoxifen tested for treatment of glioma patients?
Which transcription factors are known as the four (4) "Yamanaka factors" that have been used to create induced pluripotent stem cells  (iPSCs)?
What is the role of anhedonia in coronary disease patients?
What is  the clinical value of naltrexone in Parkinson's disease patients?
What is the efficacy of oxaliplatin monotherapy in the management of colorectal cancer?
Are there any animal models for Niemann-Pick C1 disease?
Which type of genes are modulated by SATB1?
Does HER2 under-expression lead to favorable response to trastuzumab?
Which are the most abundant human lincRNA?
Which is the molecular function of the protein CCDC40?
Is the PTPN22 gene a biomarker for rheumatoid arthritis?
Can administration of the thyrotropin releasing hormone reduce fatigue in cancer patients?
What is the role of  chromomethylases in plants?
Is curcumin a phytochemical?
What is Cerebral Cavernous Malformation?
Is Fanconi anemia presented as a genetically and clinically heterogeneous disease entity?
What is the treatment of interferon-induced thyroiditis?
Which protein pathway is regulating SGK1-mediated phosphorylation of FOXO3a to control cell proliferation?
Which drugs have been found effective for the treatment of chordoma?
Which components of the stress granules are known to be related to motor neuron degeneration in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
Is there evidence for de novo genesis of enhancers in vertebrates?
Which could be some of the possible causes of hypersomnia?
What is the function of caspases?
Is TNNI3K a cardiac-specific protein?
How does Rif1 regulate DNA replication?
Is factor XI deficient in Hemophilia C?
What is known about food intolerance and gluten ?
Are EDNRB mutations involved in the development of Hirschsprung disease?
What is known about the effectiveness of electronic food diaries ?
Can the apoptosis regulator BAX trigger the release of cytochrome c?
Which biological process in known as Endoplasmic Reticulum-Associated Protein Degradation (ERAD)?
List BRAF inhibitors that have been tested in clinical trials for treatment of melanoma patients
which are the risk factors for sudden cardiac death in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
What is known about the economic cost of urinary incontinence?
Which are the coactivators of the Yes-associated protein (yap)?
How many genes outside of the MHC locus have been genetically associated to Rheumatoid Arthritis through GWAS?
Are optogenetics tools used in the study and treatment of epilepsy?
In which phase of cell cycle does  stress-induced transcription-associated mutagenesis (TAM) occur?
Which proteins are related to the loss of cell-cell adhesion during EMT (epithelial-mesenchymal transition)?
Is micro RNA 1 (miR-1) implicated in cardiac arrhythmias?
Are there Conserved Noncoding Elements (CNEs) in invertebrate genomes?
Which tumor suppressor is referred to as "the guardian of the genome"?
What is known about diseases associated with mutations in the CHCHD10 gene?
Which drug should be used as an antidote in benzodiazepine overdose?
Does thyroid hormone signaling affect microRNAs expression in the heart?
Give examples of next-generation sequencing applications in mutation screening?
List common features of Shapiro syndrome
List mouse models for autism spectrum disorder (ASD).
What is BioASQ?
Which are the main functions of G3BP1 and G3BP2 proteins?
What is the definitive treatment for low pressure headache?
What is the role of the histidine rich calcium binding protein (HRC) in cardiomyopathy?
What is the incidence of sudden cardiac death among young athletes?
What is the effect of amitriptyline in the mdx mouse model of Duchenne muscular dystrophy?
Which post-translational histone modifications are characteristic of facultative heterochromatin?
Mutations in which genes have been associated with Aicardi-Goutieres syndrome?
List bacteria that may be useful in uranium bioremediation.
How much should be the duration of the QT interval in patients with short QT syndrome?
What is known about potential implication of thyroid hormone receptors in arterial hypertension?
What is the mechanism of action of abiraterone?
The protein neprilysin  has an positive effect on Alzheimer disease, how can it be delivered to the brain?
Which species of bacteria did the mitochondria originate from?
Which disease is linked to mutations within BRAG1?
Which is the main calcium pump of the sarcoplasmic reticulum?
What is the inheritance pattern of Hunter disease or mucopolysaccharidosis II?
Do ephrins play a role in brain cancer?
What is the effect of the absence of Saccharomyces cerevisiae Rrm3p?
Do all archaea possess multiple origins of DNA replication?
What is the ubiquitin proteome?
Which major signaling pathways are regulated by RIP1?
What is the effect induced by sympathetic nervous system on pupil size?
Is p100 the precursor protein molecule of the NF-kappaB transcription factor subunit p50?
What is the definition and the biological role of epithelial-mesenchymal transition (EMT)
Is there a difference in the rate between gene fusion and gene fission?
What type of cancers and inherited diseases have been associated to mutations in the Notch pathway?
Can cognitive behavioral therapy improve fatigue in cancer patients?
Is protein Fbw7 a SCF type of E3 ubiquitin ligase?
Is there increased incidence of incontinence in athletes?
What is the inheritance pattern of Apert syndrome?
Which is the most widely used model for the study of multiple sclerosis (MS)?
What is the usual HER-2 status in breast cancer associated with Li-Fraumeni syndrome?
What is the treatment of triiodothyronine toxicosis?
Are there enhancer RNAs (eRNAs)?
Which are the known human transmembrane nucleoporins?
Which E3 ubiquitin ligase mediates the ubiquitination and degradation of the interferon receptor type 1 (IFNAR1)?
Are conserved noncoding elements associated with the evolution of animal body plans?
Which genes were found to be methylated in bladder cancer cells?
Are DNA methylation maps applicable to the diagnosis of non-small-cell lung carcinomas?
Which domain of TIA-1 is necessary for stress granule assembly?
Is the protein product of the cylindromatosis gene (CYLD) a deubiquitinating enzyme?
What is the characteristic domain of histone methyltransferases?
What is smFISH?
Which are the bioinformatics tools for gene structure prediction?

Which is the major phytoalexin in alfalfa (Medicago sativa L.)?
What is the correlation between SPARC expression and growth inhibition in human cancer?
Which syndrome is associated with mutations in the LYST gene?
Has the presence of delayed enhancement been documented in athletes performing strenuous exercise?
How does dronedarone affect thyroid hormone signaling in the heart?
Name the factors required for selenoprotein synthesis in eukaryotes
What are the functions of the ESCRT machinery?
Which genes/proteins have been found to inhibit cyclin dependent kinase 4 (CDK4)?
What is the role of TRH in hypertension?
Is triadin involved in cardiac function?
Which disorders are associated to mutated Hepcidin (HAMP)?
Which protein is the main inhibitor of protein phosphatase 1 (PP1)?
What is the role of NETs in systemic lupus erythematosus?
Which protein is required for Argonaute 2 recruitment to stress granules and P-bodies?
Is Mammaprint approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration?
What is known as Von Hippel–Lindau disease or syndrome?
Is HER2 active only when it dimerizes?
Which pharmacogenetic test is available for abacavir?
Are microRNA (miR) regulated through DNA methylation of their promoters?
Are nucleosomes positioned at DNA replication origins?
Which are the most under-represented oligonucleotides in higher eukaryote genomes?
Does nimotuzumab improve survival of glioblastoma patients?
List co-morbidities that may occur together with "Stiff man Syndrome"
Which mechanisms underlie adaptive mutagenesis (stationary-phase mutagenesis) in Bacillus subtilis?
What personality traits can be evaluated with the Ten Item Personality Inventory.
Which are the enzymes involved in the control of tubulin acetylation?
Is there a relation between ANP and transcapillary albumin escape?
List all approved indications for Glivec
Which proteins induce inhibition of LINE-1 and Alu retrotransposition?
Can chronological age be predicted by measuring telomere length?
What is a benefit of being g6PD-deficient?
Describe the usefulness of Macrostomum lignano in ion channel and stem cell research
Is there an association between c-reactive protein concentrations and outcomes of subarachnoid hemorrhage patients? 
Which drug is benserazide usually co-administered with?
What is the inheritance pattern of Catecholaminergic Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia (CPVT) caused by RYR2 mutations?
What is the INSURE procedure in premature babies.
Which are the available biomedical text mining tools for the detection of protein-protein interactions?
How thyrocyte destruction is induced in autoimmune thyroiditis?
Do A-type lamins bind euchromatin or heterochromatin?
Which is the most abundant membrane protein on Earth?
Can RNASeq be used for the analysis of nascent transcripts?
Do RNA:DNA hybrids preferentially form in high or low GC regions?
Which are the most commonly reported pathological states associated with the formation of DNA G-quadruplexes?
Are shadow enhancers associated with development?
Does prudent diet reduce cardiovascular risk?
Is Crohn's disease (CD) linked to the consumption of refrigerated food?
Which drugs are included in TAS-102?
What is the most probable defect underlying triple negative breast cancer?
What causes erucism?
How does Hst5 (histatin 5) affect infections by Candida glabrata?
Which enzyme is deficient in Krabbe disease?
Are there Conserved Noncoding Elements (CNEs) in plant genomes?
Which is the localization of the RIFIN family of proteins?
What are the current treatments for generalised anxiety disorder in teenagers?
Can tetracycline affect tooth formation?
Is there any genetic determinant of hair pigmentation that could be useful in forensic analyses?
What is the suggested clinical management of Fanconi anemia?
Could Catecholaminergic Polymorphic Ventricular Tachycardia (CPVT) cause sudden cardiac death?
Does Apolipoprotein E (ApoE) have anti-inflammatory activity?
Which drugs acting via bradykinin system are effective for treatment of ACE-inhibitor-induced angioedema?
Is the ACE inhibitor indicated for lung cancer treatment?
Which forms of cancer is the Tpl2 gene associated with?
What are the indications for hydrochlorothiazide?
Are genes symmetrically distributed between leading and lagging DNA strand in bacteria?
What hand deformities do patients with Apert syndrome present with?
Is c-myc subject to regulation by the circadian clock?
What disease is Velcade (bortezomib) mainly used for?
Which genes are thought to be involved in medulloblastoma development?
What is the prevalence of short QT syndrome?
Which sports have a risk for commotio cordis?
is there an increase in ultrasound comets after intense exercise?
Describe Hot water reflex epilepsy.
What are the breath test biomarkers of pulmonary tuberculosis
What types of DNA mutations are induced by 2-hydroxy-dATP (2-OH-dATP)?
Which diseases can be treated with Afamelanotide?
Which is the mechanism used by bacteria to induce tumors in Arabidopsis?
Can cffDNA be used for non-invasive testing?
List features of the Perry syndrome.
Which is the main calcium binding protein of the sarcoplasmic reticulum?
Is the UGT1A1*28 polymorphism associated with irinotecan response in Caucasians?
For which diseases members of the 2-aminobenzamide class of histone deacetylase (HDAC) inhibitors show promise as therapeutics?
Do U6-associated proteins Lsm4 and Lsm6 interact with SMN?
List anti-amyloid-beta monoclonal antibodies that have been investigated in clinical trials for treatment of Alzheimer disease.
Does MVIIA and MVIIC bind to the same calcium channel?
What is the idea behind the fractal globule that has been proposed as a model of chromatin conformation in the nucleus of a cell?
Which anticancer drugs target human topoisomerase II?
What is SHAPE-Seq?
Which are the known inhibitors of the TPL2/MAP3K8 protein?
What is the mode of inheritance in Fanconi anemia?
Describe the involvement of conserved noncoding sequences in the regulation of Hox genes.
Give an overview of visualizing genomes with oligopaint FISH probes.
What is Targeted Chromatin Capture (T2C)?
What are the reported adverse effects of topical minoxidil?
Is arimoclomol a co-inducer of the heat shock response?
What memory problems are reported in the " Gulf war syndrome"
Describe Heyde syndrome.
Has silicon been used in treatment of  incontinence ?
Which proteins compose the error prevention GO (8-oxo-G) system in Pseudomonas putida?
List five applications of machine learning algorithms in medical diagnosis.
Does the 3D structure of  the genome remain stable during cell differentiation?
What is the main biological function of the CRISPR-CAS9 genome editing system?
Does dronedarone  affect  T3 and T4 levels?
What is 2d 4d ratio in athletes.
What is the association between moon cycle and rupture risk of intracranial aneurysms?
What is the role of brain natriuretic peptide in traumatic brain injury patients ?
Which molecule is targeted by Daratumumab?
Which mutation is associated with PLMS (periodic limb movements in sleep)?
Which DNA repair system is involved in HNPCC?
Mention the only available genomics and developmental transcriptomics resource for the urochordate Oikopleura dioica
What is the association between NT-proBNP and cognitive function?
List functional roles of the FtsZ protein.
Intetumumab has been tested in clinical trials for treatment of which cancers?
Is there any evidence of dysregulated long non coding RNAs and Alzheimer's disease?
Which hormone receptor function is altered in patients with Donohue syndrome?
Does triiodothyronine (T3) has cardiac angiogenic effects?
Is the HRC Ser96Ala variant associated with sudden cardiac death in patients with dilated cardiomyopathy?
Are BRAF mutations common in melanoma?
Is it possible to determine the proteome of a formalin fixed and paraffin embedded  (FFPE) tissue?
What is known about type D personality trait in cancer patients?
List available tools for genomic visualisation in comparative genomics
Which species may be used for the biotechnological production of itaconic acid?
Which types of cancer can be recognized and treated by the use of immunotherapy?
What is the typical rash associated with gluten ?
Which proteins constitute the methyl-directed mismatch repair system (MMR) in bacteria?
Is aganglionic megacolon a feature of Down syndrome?
Which is the vector of Louping ill virus?
Does HuR protein regulate the splicing process?
Is Titin the largest single protein molecule found in Nature?
what is the role of MEF-2 in cardiomyocyte differentiation?
Which are the main components of mTORC1?
What is the the Menzerath-Altmann law?
Which receptor(s) recognize lysosomal hydrolases in trans-Golgi network (TGN)?
List the diseases that can be treated using Vedolizumab.
Can clonidine be used to reduce agitation in children.
Which value of nuchal translucency thickness is set as the threshold for high-risk for Down Syndrome?
Does ventriculoperitoneal shunt improve normal pressure hydrocephalus?
Does Serca2a bind PLN in the heart?
What is the function of the spliceosome complex?
Is there any role for long noncoding RNAs in adipogenesis?
Which genes code for the alpha subunit of the DNA polymerase III in most Firmicutes?
Is there any research that relates the function of Notch Signaling with Alzheimer Disease?
Describe the known functions for the prothymosin alpha c-terminal peptide?
Was modafinil tested for schizophrenia treatment?
What is the role of the Ada O6-alkylguanine alkyltransferase in bacteria?
List the neurotransmitters that are metabolized by MAOA.
What is the effect of enamel matrix derivative on pulp regeneration?
Is depression associated with poor prognosis of brain tumor patients?
Super-SILAC is a method used in quantitative proteomics. What is the super-SILAC mix?
(SILAC: Stable Isotopic labelling by aminoacids in cell culture)
What is an acceptable sequence coverage(depth) required for human whole-exome sequencing?
To what extent does HPV vaccination reduce the risk for cervical cancer?
Have germline variants been associated to colorectal cancer?
Can Alzheimer's disease related miRNAs be detected in patients' blood?
Which is the clinical meaning of the presence of delayed enhancement in patients with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy?
What disease is mirtazapine predominantly used for?
Is it possible to visualize subtahalamic nucleus by using transcranial ultrasound?
Is cancer related to global DNA hypo or hypermethylation?
Do thyroid hormone receptors change after brain injury?
What is known about efficacy of the high dose intravenous ascorbate in the treatment of cancer patients?
Alpha-spectrin and beta-spectrin subunits form parallel or antiparallel heterodimers?
Is gastro esophageal reflux related to burning mouth syndrome?
Which is the protein (antigen) targeted by anti-Vel antibodies in the Vel blood group?
Which are the subtypes of Pfeiffer syndrome?
Is thrombophilia related to increased risk of miscarriage?
Intact macromolecular assemblies are analysed by advanced mass spectrometry. How large complexes (in molecular weight) have been studied?
What is targeted by Palbociclib?
Which peptide plays a pivotal role in human cystatin C fibrillization?
What is ChiRP-seq (Chromatin Isolation by RNA Purification sequencing)?
What is the use of MammaPrint and Oncotype DX?
Does nifedipine inhibit L-type calcium channels?
Is there any data to suggest that TRH (thyrotropin releasing hormone) administration can improve symptom severity of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis patients?
How can DUF families be deciphered?
Which genes does thyroid hormone receptor beta1 regulate in the heart?
Can siRNA affect response to afatinib treatment?
What is the gold standard treatment for Iatrogenic male incontinence?
Which is the main CHEK2 genetic variant, thought to be involved in familial breast cancer?
Is there an association between presenteeism and depression?
Which hormone abnormalities are common in Williams syndrome
What is the treatment of choice  for gastric lymphoma?
Which assays can be used for detecting DNA fragmentation resulting from programmed cell death (apoptosis)?
Does triiodothyronine stimulate red blood cell sodium potassium pump?
Which hormone concentrations are altered in patients with the Allan–Herndon–Dudley syndrome?
Is selumetinib effective in thyroid cancer?
Where in the cell does the proteins S100A4 and p53 interact ?
What are the applications of a Dermaroller ?
Are immune cells affected in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
Are OATP1B1 and OATP1B3 associated with bilirubin transport?
What is the mechanism of action of eprotirome?
What is the role of music therapy in coma patients.
Which is the causative agent of malaria?
What is the major adverse effect of adriamycin(doxorubicin)?
What is GDF10?
Is thyroid hormone therapy indicated in patients with heart failure?
Is there a mouse model for Fanconi anemia?
Could Hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy (HIPEC) be effective for the treatment of recurrent ovarian cancer?
Which is the most common editing modification in eukaryotic mRNA?
Is Rac1 involved in cancer cell invasion?
Which are the APOBEC3 protein family members able to inhibit Vif-deficient HIV-1 replication?
Is the gene SLC6A2 associated with orthostatic intolerance?
Other than protein coding potential, what features set apart long non-coding RNAs from protein coding genes?
Is macitentan an ET agonist?
Can we use platelet biomarkers to study Alzheimer's disease?
Which genetic defects are observed in Prader-Willi syndrome?
What is the most likely age of diagnosis of Crohn's disease (CD)?
How does thyroid hormone affect insulin resistance in the heart?
Which are the state-of-the-art computational tools for the prediction of gene fusion events?
Is CHEK2 involved in cell cycle control?
Describe mechanism of action of PLX3397 drug.
What disease is small bowel lymphoma commonly associated with
Are the proteins Erbin (LAP2) and Merlin cooperating?
Which molecule is targeted by a monoclonal antibody Secukinumab?
Which calcium/calmodulin dependent protein phosphatase is involved in the activation of the family of NFAT transcription factors (Nuclear Factors of Activated T cells)?
Is abdominal pain a common symptom in autism?
Are cyclophilins ubiquitously expressed?
Are adenylyl cyclases always transmembrane proteins?
What histone trimethylation has been associated to RNA splicing?
What was the purpose of the FANTOM4 project?
Does low T3 negatively affect prognosis of patients after cardiac surgery?
Which deficiency is the cause of restless leg syndrome
List the results of mutated casein kinase 1 epsilon. 
Does neuroglobin has neuroprotective properties in the setting of traumatic brain injury?
What gene test is recommended for clopidogrel?
What is the role of eteplirsen in DMD patients?
Describe clinical presentation of Parkinsonism with dementia of Guadeloupe syndrome.
Does the concentration of protein HIF-1α increase after the administration of the cytoprotective prodrug"amifostine" (ethyol) ?
Which diseases can Oncotype DX be used for?
Which are the DNA (cytosine-5-)-methyltransferases inhibitors?
Describe armoured brain syndrome.
Which are the main histone modifications associated with enhancers?
What is the role of Thyrotropin Releasing Hormone in the treatment of comatose patients?
Do Conserved noncoding elements act as enhancers?
Can the iPS cell technology be used in Fanconi anemia therapy?
Which drug is considered as the first line treatment of fibromyalgia?
What are the signatures of aggressive periodontitis?
With which complexes is the protein SUS1 associated?
Can Preimplantation Genetic Diagnosis (PGD) be used for gender selection?
What is the principle of ATAC (Assay for Transposase-Accessible Chromatin) technique?
Which are the main NMD factors in Saccharomyces cerevisiae?
Which histone marks are deposited by Set7?
Has proteomics been used in the study of the dry eye syndrome?
What is the indication for isradipine?
List non-surgical treatment modalities that are included in the Stupp protocol.
Which genes are associated with Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type I/II?
Which factors are considered in the ABCD2 score?
Is Tuberous Sclerosis a genetic disease?
Does TRIM37 gene mutation causes Mulibrey nanism?
Have thyronamines effects on fat tissue?
What is the genetic basis of progeria
What type of DNA repair pathways is initiated by AlkA glycosylase?
Is there any protein that undergoes both mono-ubiquitination and poly-ubiquitination?
Which are the musculoskeletal manifestations of Marfan syndrome?
What is the "Proteomic ruler"?
What is the mechanism by which HIV-1-encoded Vif protein allows virus replication?
Which proteins are the different isoforms of the p38 MAP kinase?
Are pseudogenes enriched with housekeeping protein families?
What is the mechanism of cementogenesis in pulp regeneration?
What are the reported adverse effects of gabapentin used in children?
What is the effect of ranolazine in diastolic heart failure?
Elaborate on the potential efficacy of gemcitabine for the treatment of recurrent, platinum-resistant epithelial ovarian cancer.
Is olaparib effective for prostate cancer?
How does Foxa transcription factor exhibits its pioneering function?
Which are the 3 basic transcription factors that have been used for the direct reprogramming of fibroblasts into cardiomyocytes or cardiomyocyte like-cells?
What is the name of Bruton's tyrosine kinase inhibitor that can be used for treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia?
Is physical performance influenced by thyroid hormone metabolism?
Do plant genomes contain CpG islands?
Describe the isolation of transcription factor complexes by in vivo biotinylation tagging and direct binding to streptavidin beads, as applied for the case of the essential hematopoietic transcription factor GATA-1.
Are high-flow nasal cannulae effective for treatment of preterm infants?
What are the molecular characteristics of the FAA (FANCA) cDNA?
What are the skeletal muscle satellite cells?
What is the role of neurogranin in Alzheimer's disease patients?
Does triiodothyronine play a regulatory role in insulin secretion from pancreas?
How many disulfide bridges has the protein hepcidin got?
What is the association between GERD and gluten ?
Which are the major intramolecular phosphorylation sites of human Chk2 involved in cell cycle control?
Is the Histidine-Rich Calcium Binding protein (HRC) related to arrhythmias and cardiac disease?
Which are the methods for in silico prediction of the origin of replication (ori) among bacteria?
What is the use of emulsion PCR in Next Generation Sequencing?
Can adult humans be induced to produce fetal hemoglobin?
What is the role of thyroid hormone in Stem cell differentiation?
Which receptors can be evaluated with the [18F]altanserin?
Which diseases have been associated with the PTPN22 620W allele?
Which extra thyroid tissues have thyrotropin (TSH) receptors?
Which histone modifications distinguish between promoters and enhancers?
Where is the metaxin complex localized?
What are the major classes of retrotransposons active in the human genome?
Which are the clinical characteristics of Diamond-Blackfan anemia?
How can the expression of SerH3 immobilization antigen be regulated?
Which factors play a role in promoter proximal pausing of RNA polymerase II?
Which are the main clinical features of Fanconi anemia?
Which is the receptor for the immunosuppressive drug cyclosporin A (CsA)?
Which drugs may interfere thyroxine absorption?
Is Turcot syndrome associated with glioblastoma?
Which is the gene most commonly mutated in Tay-Sachs disease?
In which types of DNA repair is the UvrAB complex involved?
What is the localization of the protein encoded by the gene DNAJC11?
Is Calcium/Calmodulin dependent protein kinase II (CaMKII) involved in cardiac arrhythmias and heart failure?
What is the lay name of the treatment for CCSVI (chronic cerebro-spinal venous insufficiency)  in multiple sclerosis.
Which hormone abnormalities are characteristic to Pendred syndrome?
What is the mode of inheritance of  long QT  Jervell and Lange-Nielsen syndrome?
List programs suitable for protein docking
Which genes have been found mutated in Gray platelet syndrome patients?
Does dasatinib promote or inhibit T-cell proliferation?
Does SCRIB deregulation promote cancer?
Is cardiac magnetic resonance imaging indicated in the pre-participation screening of athletes?
Is imatinib an antidepressant drug?
What is the function of the MTH1 enzyme in cancer cells?
Are ultraconserved elements depleted among copy number variants (CNVs)?
Is the microRNA 132 (miR-132) involved in brain pathologies?
What is an approximate number of CTCF binding sites in the human genome?
Does cucumber lower blood sugar in diabetics?
Which mutations in the cardiac isoform of the ryanodine receptor (RyR2) have been found to be related to CPVT?
Which population has a high frequency of the HLA-B*1502 allele?
What are the observations regarding telomere integrity and function in Fanconi anemia?
Are Notch mutations related to T-cell Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia (T-ALL)?
What is the role of the Tsix gene during X chromosome inactivation?
Is the protein FAK (Focal Adhesion Kinase) phosphorylated?
Which is the substrate of the haspin kinase during mitosis?
Which are the most widely reported side-effects in the treatment of Crohn's disease?
Are most driver gene mutations synonymous or non-synonymous?
What is the advantage of neutral loss detection in phosphoproteomics?
Does ghrelin play a role in ischemic stroke?
What is the mechanism of drug-induced gingival overgrowth?
Is LPS a microbial product?
Which cyclin- dependent kinase inhibitor is regulated by Bmi-1?
Which microRNAs are involved in exercise adaptation?
Has field-programmable gate array (FPGA) technology been used to solve sequence alignment problems?
List inhibtors targeting the mitochondrial permeability transition pore.
What is ceritinib?
Which protein is found to be mutated in Friedreich's ataxia?
Which is the process that Conserved noncoding elements mostly regulate?
What is the main mechanism by which human papillomavirus proteins E6 and E7 contribute to cell transformation?
List bacterial species identified in the iceman tissues.
Which properties of the mRNA does N6-methyladenosine (m6A) affect?
What is the implication of histone lysine methylation in medulloblastoma?
What is the Orco protein in mosquitos?
List some ways to reverse Tau hyperphosphorylation in Tauopathies?
What is the role of 5hmC (5 hydroxy-methyl-Cytocine) in differentiation?
Which is the histone residue methylated by MLL1?
What is CRISPRi?
Which type of cells is affected in Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis?
Is Achondroplasia associated with hearing loss?
Is the JNK pathway activated during liver regeneration?
Is STAT3 transcription factor regulated by mTORC1?
How is mTORC1 involved in the regulation of heat stress?
List components of the CRSP/Med complex.
Patients of which disease could be treated by utilizing knowledge obtained from experiments suppressing TDP-43 toxicity in yeast?
Is calcium overload involved in the development of diabetic cardiomyopathy?
What is the mechanism of viroid replication?
Which mitochondrial genes are regulated by thyroid hormone?
Mutation of which gene is associated with McLeod syndrome?
Is RIP1 (RIP-1) part of the necrosome?
Which is the molecular target of the immunosuppressant drug Rapamycin?
Is the protein KCNQ2 associated with idiopathic epilepsy?
PBT2 has been tested for which disorder?
What is the basic secondary structure of the variable domains of a typical antibody?
How does long-range epigenetic silencing (LRES) occur?
What is the mode of inheritance of Acromicric dysplasia?
Can RNAPolII function as an RNA-dependent RNA-polymerase?
Which are the best treatment options to treat Helicobacter pylori?
List sclerostin interaction partners.
Under which conditions does AMPK phosphorylate TSC2?
What imaging modalities have been listed as method of choice  to diagnose CSF leak?
Which are currently available software tools for detecting rare codon clusters in coding sequences?
How many tissue kallikrein genes are present in the human genome?
Does the Oncotype DX test work with paraffin embedded tissues?
Where does CTCF colocalize with cohesin?
Name triad of Wernicke encephalopathy.
Is the PTPN22 gene a biomarker for Rheumatoid Arthritis?
Is marijuana use associated with increased risk for stroke?
How many and which are the different isoforms for the ryanodine receptor?
Which compound is a specific inhibitor for Nox1 and Nox4?
Which molecule is targeted by the drug Gevokizumab?
Which protein phosphatases have been found to dephosphorylate phospholamban?
What is the most prominent sequence consensus for the polyadenylation site?
Does fibronectin constitute a serum biomarker for Duchenne muscular dystrophy?
What colonoscopy findings have been reported in autism
What is a disordered protein?
What is the Drosophila melanogaster Groucho protein?
Which enzyme is inhibited by Imetelstat?
What is the catalytic mechanism of DNA (cytosine-5) methyltransferases? 
Are mutations in the STXBP1 gene associated with epilepsy?
What is the mechanism of action of geldanamycin?
Which is the most widely used anti-TNF drug?
What is the association between number of pregnancies and rheumatoid arthritis
Is mitofusin 2 a receptor for parkin?
What are the main benefits of pharmacophore models?
How Flaviviridae family of viruses infects vertebrates?
What was the aim of the HAMLET clinical trial?
Can we use prodrug amifostine to protect healthy cell during chemotherapy?
Which is the main difference between Alu and B1 repeats?
Is there a relationship between thyroid hormone altered metabolism and coronary artery disease?
What is the frequency of mutations induced spontaneously through Ethylnitrosourea (ENU) mutagenesis?
What is the molecular pathogenesis of Spinal Muscular Atrophy?
Which drugs affect insulin resistance in obesity?
Elaborate on the link between conserved noncoding elements (CNEs) and fractality.
Which is the primary protein component of Lewy bodies?
Are microtubules marked by glutamylation?
What is known about the Kub5-Hera/RPRD1B interactome?
Willis-Ekbom disease is also known as?
List two most common symptoms of Aagenaes syndrome.
Which are the side effects during tacrine administration in patients with Alzheimer's Disease?
Is synapsin a phosphoprotein?
Is Thalidomide currently a marketed drug?
Which enzymes synthesize catecholamines in adrenal glands?
How many cysteines have alpha-defensins?
Could BRCA gene test used for breast and ovarian cancer risk?
What is Desomorphine?
Which two drugs are included in the Harvoni pill?
What is the result of Mff overexpression in mitochondria?
Has Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency an X-linked inheritance?
What is FFI, fatal familial insomnia
Which mutated genes are associated with the Tourette's syndrome?
Which enzyme is inhibited by niraparib?
Which peak calling algorithm employs mixture model clustering under the hood?
Data from which major epigenome projects are contained in the DeepBlue epigenomic data server?
Which diseases that can be treated using the focused ultrasound thalamotomy.
Is the toxin produced by Clostridium botulinum always deadly?
Is ocrelizumab effective for treatment of multiple sclerosis?
Elaborate on the role of CARMEN in cardiac specification.
Is there a role of regorafenib for sarcoma treatment?
Which drug was tested in the TEMSO Trial for multiple sclerosis?
What is the mechanism of action of peginesatide?
Describe mechanism of action of Eteplirsen?
Which genes of the marmoset genome exhibit rapid sequence evolution?
What is the importance of Janus Kinases in dermatology?
What is the incidence of beta-thalassemia in Greek population?
Is exon skipping correlated with exon circularization?
What is the target of daratumumab?
Which gene-defect causes the Vel-blood type?
Is NADPH oxidase 5 expressed in rodents?
List selective estrogen receptor degraders.
What is the role of ZNF335 in microcephaly?
What molecule is targeted by Avelumab?
What are the exonic splice enhancers?
What are the birth defects associated with Zika-virus infection?
What is Neisseria adhesin A?
Which R package is used for the detection of chromosomal abnormalities from microarray data?
List all the available databases of super enhancers
Which are the consequences of the hyperphosphorylated tau in Alzheimers' Disease?
Which is the "bonding hormone"?
What causes Scurvy?
Describe clinical presentation of Ambras syndrome.
Which diseases are involved in the severe cutaneous reactions (SCAR) spectrum?
Which tool employs self organizing maps for analyzing synonymous codon usage?
What is MINDY-1?
What is the benserazide's mechanism of function when co-administered with L-DOPA in patients with Parkinson's Disease?
What is regioneR?
For what indications is thalidomide currently marketed?
What are reactive metabolites?
What is the "wearing-off" phenomenon in levodopa-treated patients with Parkinson's Disease?
What are prions?
Does Vitamin D induce  autophagy?
What is sQTLseekeR?
What is Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease (CJD)?
Describe what is athelia syndrome?
Is RASA2 involved in melanoma?
What is BioCreative?
What is Contrave prescribed for?
Which is the chromosome area that the human gene coding for the dopamine transporter (DAT1) is located to?
What type of mutation is causing the industrial melanism phenotype in peppered moths?
What gene is mutated in Huntington's disease?
Which software package is available for the analysis of conserved genomic loci?
Mutation of which gene is implicated in the Christianson syndrome?
What is Eteplirsen (Exondys 51)?
What are the SINEUPs?
What is trichotillomania?
What is the mechanism of action of raxibacumab?
What is the effect of CPEB3 binding to the CPE domain?
Is SUMOylation a post-translational modification in eukaryotes?
What is the Shelterin complex?
What disease is the drug aducanumab targeting?
Which human syndromes have been detected with Fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH)?
List symptoms of EAST syndrome.
When did the polio vaccine becomes available?
Is Annexin V an apoptotic marker?
Which are the lipid lowering drugs administered in patients with Coronary Artery Disease (CAD)?
What are PD-1 inhibitors?
Is the protein lefty an inhibitor of nodal?
List drugs withdrawn from the market for cardiovascular adverse events.
Is Migalastat used for treatment of Fabry Disease?
Where are Paneth cells located?
Which are the types of viral meningitis?
What are the different classes of orally administered drugs used to treat diabetes
Which pipelines are used for analyzing data from ChIP-nexus experiments?
What do statins do?
Which cells secretes alpha defensin 5?
Do statins cause diabetes?
What is the effect of nocodazole cell treatment?
What is Path2PPI?
SPAG5 was implicated in which cancers?
What are some of the effects of Zika Virus in infected individuals?
What is the function of Oseltamivir when administered during flu?
What is the composition of the gamma-secretase complex?
List kinases that phosphorylates the protein Bora.
Are deletions of chromosomal regulatory boundaries associated with congenital disease?
What is the role of the UBC9 enzyme in the protein sumoylation pathway?
Can the Micro-C XL method achieve mononucleosome resolution?
Can Diabetes be caused by a defect in a potassium chanel?
Which fimA genotypes are associated with disease?
Is rucaparib used for ovarian cancer treatment?
What is the role of cohesins at the IFNG locus?
Describe Wellens' Syndrome.
Which human disease is associated with mutated UBQLN2
Which ApoE isoform is associated with hyperlipoproteinemia?
Could hypophosphatemic rickets cause craniosynostosis?
Is vortioxetine effective for treatment of depression?
Which server is used for simulation of macromolecular diffusional association?
Can beans induce apoptosis?
What is the function of transthyretin in cerebrospinal fluid?
Can you define iatrogenic disease?
Where do the Schwann cells and melanocytes originate from?
Please list 3 diseases associated with the PIEZO2 gene.
Is treatment resistant depression related to vitamin B9?
Where is the protein slitrk1 localized?
Describe clinical manifestation of the Harlequin syndrome.
What is the role of the constitutive photomorphogenesis 9 signalosome (CSN)?
Is adalimumab effective for hidradenitis suppurativa?
What is Legg-Calvé-Perthes Disease
What is promoted by ERAP1-ERAP2 dimerization?
What is plantar fasciitis
Which is the enzymatic activity of OTULIN?
List diseases that could be targeted by disaggregases?
Can NEECHAM Confusion Scale be used for evaluation of postoperative delirium?
What is adhesive capsulitis
Describe the applicability of Semantic MediaWiki in the case of FANTOM5
Is there an association between Muenke Syndrome and FGFR3 gene mutation?
Which R package is used for visualization of linear and circular karyotypes?
Has small pox been eradicated from the world?
Where is Akkermansia muciniphila found?
Is there alternative polyadenylation during zebrafish development?
Which NADPH oxidase family member requires interaction with NOXO1 for function?
Are alterations in ultraconserved elements implicated in breast cancer?
What is the mechanism of action of Osimertinib?
What is Bartter syndrome?
Is there any tool that facilitates the functional analysis of cis-regulatory regions in zebrafish?
List RNA modifications databases
Please list the 3 findings in HELLP syndrome.
Which mutated gene is associated with Waardenburg and Tietz syndromes?
List the three most abundant bacterial phyla present in mouse feces.
What gene is mutated in Sickle Cell Anemia?
What is the function of the Indian hedgehog protein in chondrocytes?
What is the function of R-spondin 1 and noggin in non-damaged gallbladders?
List the classical triad of symptoms of the Melkersson–Rosenthal syndrome.
Which disease is treated with taliglucerase alfa?
What is formin associated with in the snail?
What is the major difference between eucaryotes and procaryotes?
What is the HSP70-HSP110 disaggregase machinery?
Has whole exome sequencing been performed in Alzheimer patients?
Which is the genome browser database for DNA shape annotations?
Is Stat4 a transcription factor?
Have the promoter regions of the genes implicated in Rett Syndrome been characterized with CAGE?
Has "RNA interference" been awarded Nobel prize?
Is there any role for Pds5b in cohesion establishment?
Which factors are considered in the FUNC score for intracerebral hemorrhage?
Where is the respirasome located?
Describe the usefulness of MiRduplexSVM.
What genes are drug targets for Fibrodysplasia Ossificans Progressiva (FOP)?
What kind of analyses are performed with the software tool "unipept"
What is the role of gamma-secreatase complex in Alzheimer's Disease?
Which syndromes are associated with heterochromia iridum?
What is the target of tanezumab?
Could plasmepsins be used as targets for developing anti-malaria drugs?
What is MRSA?
List peptide fragmentations methods in mass spectrometry
Is avanafil indicated for treatment of erectile dysfunction?
What is "Epitranscriptome analysis"?
Which infection can be prevented with Dapivirine?
What is Bexsero?
Is there a role for gamma knife in treatment of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder?
What is the mechanism of action of the biguanide class of diabetes drugs?
Where is the proteasome located?
What is clinical presentation of the Gardner-Diamond syndrome?
Where can you find the annulus of Zinn?
What is the indication for SLCO1B1 genotyping?
List available circular RNA prediction tools.
Which disease is treated with Nusinersen?
Which disease the London mutation involved in?
Define lncRNA.
How many microorganisms are present in human normal gut?
What is the role of 3,4-diaminobenzoic acid derivatives in the immune system?
Can NADPH oxidase be inhibited by apocynin and diphenylene iodonium?
Viliuisk encephalomyelitis is diagnosed in which geographical area?
What are Septins?
What is the drug target for Simtuzumab?
What is Dravet syndrome?
What makes telomerase a good drug target?
What is DENdb?
List scales that are used for scoring of patients with spinal metastasis?
Does NADPH oxidase 5 require any subunit for function?
What are the side effects during statins administration in patients with atherosclerosis?
Entresto is composed of which two drugs?
What is the doRiNA database?
Is NSD-1015 an inhibitor of Aromatic L-Amino Acid Decarboxylase?
Is pseudouridine a RNA modification?
What does the human ABCC gene  product do?
What is the connection between furin and hepcidin?
Which cells express CIDEC protein in humans?
Which is the relation between coffee consumption and stroke risk?
What is the purpose of the Orpington Prognostic Scale?
Do IEG create a ripple effect of transcription?
Which R package is used for the analysis of genome-wide DNA methylation profiles?
Do T-Cells regulate neuropathic pain?
What is the incidence of new cases of X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy (ALD) in Australian and New Zealand in the late 1990's?
Can telomere length shortening be reversed by telomerase?
Is ABCE1 involved in ribosomal recycling?
What are clinical features of the de Morsier syndrome?
Does oculocutaneous albinism show an autosomal recessive inheritance?
Which is the largest metabolic gene cluster in yeast?
What is the applicability of the MCAST algorithm?
Which ApoE isoform is associated with atherosclerosis and Alzheimer's disease?
Are Ultra-conserved elements (UCEs) enriched in segmental duplications?
What organism causes woolsorter's disease
Which annotated database of A-to-I RNA editing is available?
Do normal cells express the protein TERT?
Which protein complexes recognize centromeric (CEN) DNA in yeast?
Is there any involvement of the long non-coding RNA Gomafu in schizophrenia?
Is butterfly rash a symptom of Systemic lupus erythematosus?
What is the function of yeast Clr4 on chromatin?
What is the role of LIMT lncRNA?
Is infertility characteristic of individuals with Fanconi anemia?
What are Kupffer cells and what is their role?
What is known about saponins in crops and human consumption?
Is golimumab effective for ulcerative colitis?
What is the role of histone variant H2A.W?
Which are the main brain dysfunctions caused by hyperbilirubinemia?
Does mTOR regulate the translation of MAPKAPK2?
What chromosome is affected in Turner's syndrome?
What is the aim of the TRAP assay?
Describe clinical applications of the PIM2 scoring system.
Do histone variant mH2A (macro-H2A) levels decrease upon differentiation?
Which disease is associated with mutations in SLC40A1 gene?
Could divalent metal transporter 1 deficiency lead to anemia?
Does the hERG gene code for a protein which is part of a sodium channel?
Is lenvatinib effective for renal cell carcinoma?
Which proteins form part of the NRD complex in S. cerevisiae?
Which R / bioconductor package is used for performing SNP enrichment analysis?
Does HuR bind to the untranslated regions (UTRs) of mRNAs?
Describe Exploding head syndrome.
Is H4K20 methylation associated with DNA replication?
Describe crowned dens syndrome.
Does CRISPR inversion of CTCF sites alter genome topology?
How are looped genes identified in yest?
Which are the causes of the Koebner phenomenon?
Is there a role of proton beam therapy in medulloblastoma treatment?
What is the function of the DGAT1 gene product?
Which histone mutation is associated with gliomas?
Are there canonical marks of active chromatin in developmentally regulated genes?
What is the purpose of HaploReg v4?
Which are the typical symptoms of Ménière's disease?
What tissue is most affected in Ehlers-Danlos syndromes?
What is Mondor's disease?
List metalloenzyme inhibitors.
How are immediate early genes (IEG) defined?
Which proteins remove H2A.Z in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae?
Which library is used for fixed-length approximate string matching?
Are there methods for generating highly multiplexed ChIP-seq libraries?
Is Doxorubicin cardiotoxic?
Which diseases are associated with Primary intestinal lymphangiectasia (PIL)?
Is the mouse Sry gene locus free of repetitive sequences?
Is Meis1 implicated in microphthalmia?
Can Pentraxin 3 predict outcomes of sepsis?
Which polymerase transcribes pri-miRNAs?
Which mutated enzyme is responsible for oculocutaneous 1 (OCA1)-type albinism?
Please list 2 treatments for a torn rotator cuff
What is the role of Laser Interstitial Thermal Therapy in glioma treatment?
Which protein mediates the replacement of H2A by H2A.Z in the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae?
Which are the key players on radial glial specification to ependymal cells?
Is ocular melanosis a risk factor for uveal melanoma?
What is known about telomere length shortening and stress?
What fruit causes Jamaican vomiting sickness?
Which gene is mutated in the Karak syndrome?
What is LedPred?
Is siltuximab effective for Castleman disease?
What are Degrons?
Which disease is associated with mutated Sox2?
Is the enzyme EPRS phosphorylated?
Which disease the skin condition Necrobiosis lipoidica diabeticorum is associated to?
What is the role of Lysine 2-hydroxyisobutyrylation?
List diseases associated with the  Dopamine Receptor D4 (DRD4).
Which bacteria cause diphtheria?
What is the function of calcium-sensing receptor (CaSR)?
List drug that were evaluated in the CHAMP trial for migraine.
What is the role of IL-18BP?
Which protein mediates gene loop formation in the yeast S. cerevisiae?
Which two drugs were compared in the ARISTOTLE Trial?
What is REVIGO?
What is the mechanism of action of onartuzumab?
Is there a relationship between B cells and Multiple Sclerosis?
Which virus type causes Molluscum contagiosum?
Which disease(s) are caused by HEX A deficiency?
What is Behçet's disease
Does Yersinia pestis causes a respiratory infection?
List 3 indications for Bupropion
What is the function of BAX
What is the link between Ctf4 and Chl1 in cohesion establishment?
How is primary intestinal lymphangiectasia (PIL) caused?
What are congenital disorders of glycosylation?
Which are the additions of the JASPAR 2016 open-access database of transcription factor binding profiles?
What is the function of the protein tafazzin?
What are assassin bugs?
Are the genes for marneral biosynthesis scattered in the genome of A. thaliana?
Is Dupilumab used for treatment of atopic dermatitis?
Where is base J found in the genome of Leishmania tarentolae?
Which tool is available for predicting regulatory interactions from ChIP-seq data?
Where are the unipolar brush cells localized?
Which driver mutations have been identified for Diffuse Intrinsic Pontine Glioma (DIPG)?
Does Jarid2 play a role in early embryo development?
Is PUVA therapy indicated for eczema treatment?
What is DECKO?
List genes associated with hypolipidemia.
What is the enzymatic activity of PARL?
Do brown fat cells produce heat?
What is a mimotope vaccine?
Describe clinical manifestation of the Mal de debarquement syndrome.
Is Melioidosis caused by the bacterium Burkholderia pseudomallei?
What is the mechanism of action of verubecestat?
How are triple negative gliomas characterized?
What is ectopia lentis?
Can glyburide reduce cerebral edema?
What is the function of gasdermin D?
What is TOPAZ1?
Which are the symptoms of glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency?
Has the gorilla genome been determined?
Is vemurafenib used for thyroid cancer?
Are mutations in the C9orf72  gene associated with macular degeneration?
What is the Genome 10K Project?
Which gene controls the expression of GATA-1 isoforms?
What is MIRA-seq?
How does Ssu72 mediate gene looping?
Is the number of described human nuclear mutations less than 50000?
What is the role of peptide aptamers?
Which are the clinical symptoms of left ventricular noncompaction?
What is the Glasgow Coma score?
Andexanet Alfa is an antidote of which clotting factor inhibitors?
Which is the main cause of the Patau syndrome?
Which is the main abnormality that arises with Sox9 locus duplication?
Is Musclin a secretory peptide?
What tissue is commonly affected in Marfan's syndrome
To which disease does the loss of CD28 expression by liver-infiltrating T cells contribute?
Are cutaneous porphyrias inherited with a recessive pattern?
Which disease is treated with ZMapp?
Can methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHFR) gene mutations cause homocystinuria?
What happens to H2AX upon DNA bouble strand breaks?
Can valproic acid prolong survival of glioblastoma patients?
What is the effect of the direct interaction of Ikaros and Foxp1 in B-lymphocytes?
Which syndrome is caused by deletion of Pds5b in mice?
What is the inheritance of Barth syndrome?
Is Cryptococcus neoformans a frequent cause of isolated skin infections in immunocompromised individuals
What is the mechanism of action of Pictilisib?
What are sirtuins?
Which miRNA is targeted by SRY/Sox9?
Which technique led to the elucidation of the role of HOXD10 in regulating lymphatic endothelial responses to VEGF-C?
Is Obeticholic Acid used for treatment of Primary Biliary Cholangitis?
What alternate indication has Vanoxerine been repositioned for?
What is the applicability of the No Promoter Left Behind method?
Which mutated genes are associated with isolated ectopia lentis?
Does the word ovine refers to goats?
Does GATA-1 regulate ribosomal protein genes?
Which gene mutations cause the Marfan syndrome?
What is the indication of ARCALYST?
What is ChIPpeakAnno?
Signaling of which pathways is inhibited by Dupilumab?
Does the TOP2B/TOP2A expression ratio affect the response to AML chemotherapy?
List the three main structures of the cytoskeleton.
What is the genus for the common European honey bee?
Where is the TAZ (G4.5) is located in humans?
What do nerve-associated peripheral glial progenitors give rise to?
How many topological associated domains are contained in the human Hox cluster?
Is Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome usually diagnosed in older adults?
Which treatment methods were compared in the EXCEL Trial?
Describe ATR-16 syndrome.
What is the results of inactivated ANGPLT3?
What percentage of rheumatoid arthritis patients are responsive to anti-TNF therapy?
Which disease is treated with semaglutide?
What condition is usually represented by the acronym SUDEP?
Which proteins does the yeast Cleavage and Polyadenylation Complex contain?
Which disease can be categorized using the Koos grading system?
What is the inheritance of the glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency?
Which deep learning-based algorithms are used for enhancer prediction?
Is Beta-Thalassemia is associated with a mutation or deletion of the gene that codes for alpha globin?
Is diphosphatidylglycerol (cardiolipin) a phospholipid of the mitochondrial membranes?
Have studies shown that there is no link between DNA methylation patterns and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder?
Is POLD3 essential for mouse development?
What is the mechanism of action of Romosozumab?
Symptoms of which disorder are evaluated with the Davidson Trauma Scale?
What is the function of the Mis18 protein?
Are hepadnaviral minichromosomes free of nucleosomes?
Is Cri Du Chat associated with an expansion of a repeat with in the gene found on chromosome 5?
What are the roles of Smyd3 in zebrafish?
Which enzyme is inhibited by ribociclib?
Which histone mutations have been associated with pediatric gliomas?
Is it feasible to obtain DNA read lengths that exceed 30 Kb?
Is osteocrin expressed exclusively in the bone?
What is  Achondroplasia?
What is the indication for Mirabegron?
What is the cause of Tardive dyskinesia?
Are alterations in ultraconserved elements associated with colorectal adenocarcinoma?
What is PANTHER-PSEP?
What is MPE-seq?
Describe the mechanism of action of Bezlotoxumab?
Is apremilast effective for psoriasis?
Is skin color affected by variations of the SLC24A5 gene?
How are Arboviruses transmitted?
Which bacterium has the smallest genome in base pairs yet found?
Which are the triad symptoms of pheochromocytoma?
List the types of the Cardiorenal syndrome (CRS) according to the five-part classification system.
What is a miR?
Do circRNAs remain untranslated?
What is the biological function of the SRY circular RNA (circRNA)?
What is Uhl's anomaly?
Is autophagy the process where bacteria ingest viral particles?
Can aspirin be used in cancer prevention?
Which are the components of the pre-replication complex (pre-RC) in eukaryotes?
What is the inheritance of hypophosphatemic rickets?
Which mushroom is poisonous, Amanita phalloides or Agaricus Bisporus
Which is the most common gene signature in Rheumatoid Arthritis patients?
Which NGS alignment software implement the Burrows-Wheeler Transform?
Is intraoperative radiotherapy used for treatment of glioblastoma?
Which server is used for generating modes of pseudo components of DNA, RNA and protein sequences?
What is the link between TB (Turbeculosis) infection and TNFa inhibition?
Which class of genes are mutated in Diamond Blackfan Anemia patients?
List the human acrocentric chromosomes that are involved in Robertsonian translocation.
Is tirilazad effective for treatment of aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage?
Which protein is the main marker of Cajal bodies?
Which mutated gene causes the Chédiak–Higashi Syndrome?
The pathogen Fusarium graminearum affects what type of plant species?
List viral vectors used in gene therapy.
Is dexamethasone recommended for treatment of intracerebral hemorrhage?
What happens upon disruption of a TAD boundary?
List the classical symptoms of the Moschcowitz syndrome (Thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura).
Is airplane stroke syndrome a common disease.
Which R / bioconductor package is used for enrichment analysis of genomic regions?
Which is the major RNA editing enzyme in Drosophila melanogaster?
What is the CEGA catalog?
Which protein is associated with hyperemesis gravidarum during pregrancy?
Is hydroxyurea usually used to treated infectious disease?
What is magnetoreception?
Can acupuncture cause spinal epidural hematoma?
Is edema a symptom of nephrotic syndrome?
Angelman syndrome is associated with deletion of a part of Chromosome 15 but if the deletion occurs in the paternally inherited chromosome 15, what is the disease?
What is the phenotype of people carrying mutations in the gene PRDM12?
Is there an association between Histone H3.3 mutations and glioma?
Which cellular function is associated with transcription factors forkhead 1 and 2 (Fkh1 and Fkh2)?
What is the role of the Ctf4-interacting-peptide or CIP-box?
What type of genome, (RNA or DNA, double stranded single stranded) is found in the the virus that causes blue tongue disease?
What is a "chemobrain"?
Borden classification is used for which disease?
Which effects create neighborhoods of transcriptional regulation in eukaryotes?
Is Pfh1 a component of the replisome?
What is the function of mTOR?
What is the indication for valbenazine?
List features of the Kaufman Oculocerebrofacial Syndrome.
What is the role of DNA Repair Cofactors ATMIN and NBS1?
The MMR vaccine protects against what 3 viruses?
List cardinal features of the Triple A syndrome.
Describe the applicability of Basset in the context of deep learning
Does the Abelson-related gene (ARG) gene encode for a serine kinase?
What organism causes tularemia?
Is Prochlorococcus the most abundant photosynthetic organism?
List 3 features of IRVAN syndrome.
Which are the Proprotein Convertase Subtilisin Kexin 9 (PCSK9) inhibitors that are FDA approved?
Is dupilumab an antibody targeting the IL-1 receptor?
List active ingredients of the Stribild polypill.
List clinical features of the IMAGe syndrome.
Which gene mutations are predictive of response to anti-TNF therapy in Rheumatoid Arthritis patients?
Which method is used for prediction of novel microRNA genes in cancer-associated genomic regions?
Does the histone chaperone ASF1 interact with histones H1/H2?
Is Hepatic mesenchymal hamartoma usually a malignant tumor?
List clinical features of EEM syndrome.
How many times is CLAST faster than BLAST?
Which are the most common methods for circular RNA detection from RNASeq?
From which cell type is leptin secreted?
Which tool is used for the identification of recurrent variants in noncoding regions?
What body parts are also known as phalanges?
Are selenium supplements recommended for prostate cancer prevention?
Which disease is treated with lucinactant?
Which proteins control the degradation of cryptic unstable transcripts (CUTs) in yeast?
Is there any involvement of L1 retrotransposition in the Rett syndrome?
Is Downs syndrome associated with decreased risk of leukemia?
Which enzyme is inhibited by ixazomib?
Does PCSK9 (Proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9) binds with HDL-receptor (HDL-R)?
Hy's law measures failure for what organ?
Is apremilast effective for psoriatic arthritis?
Is there any role of TBR1 in autism?
What is the role of the MCM2-7 complex?
In which fields of DNA sequencing are Bloom filters applied?
Which 2 medications are included in the Qsymia pill?
Is sonidegib effective for basal cell carcinoma?
Which R package could be used for the identification of pediatric brain tumors?
Describe the usefulness of CAMUR in The Cancer Genome Atlas (TCGA)
Which markers are screened with the triple test for the detection of syndromes in fetus?
What is the role of TAD protein domain?
What is the function of lncRNA?
What is the function of the exosome?
